Product name: HealthSmart Folding Walking Stick, Soft Comfort Grip Collapsible Walking Stick, Adjustable Folding Walking Cane, Lavender Product review: I have a bad knee and this is the best cane for me.  I use it to walk around my house or go shopping with friends.


Product name: SVETOL Green Coffee Bean Extract - 90 Vegetarian Capsules - Special Formulated and Scientifically Evaluated for Quick Results - Take 2 for 800 mg of Powerful Weight Loss - Full 30-Day Supply with Every Bottle Product review: I have been using this product for about a month now.  I am very happy to say that it has helped me lose weight, but not as much as I would like.


Product name: Sleep Mask by Bedtime Bliss® - Contoured & Comfortable With Moldex® Ear Plug Set. Includes Carry Pouch for Eye Mask and Ear Plugs - Great for Travel, Shift Work & Meditation Product review: I have used this mask a few times now with great success!  I use it when traveling to work or school as well as at home during the day.  It is very comfortable and easy to put on/take off.


Product name: Sheer TOTAL Multivitamin for Men - 29 Vitamins, Minerals, and Whole Food Sources, 60 Men's Multivitamin Capsules, 30 Day Supply Product review: I have been taking this product since the beginning of January.  I am a big fan!  It is easy to take with my morning coffee or water.


Product name: QIYUN.Z Long Curly Wavy Half White Black Mix Heat Resistant Fibre Synthetic Hair Full Cosplay Anime Costume Wig Product review: I love this wig! It is very comfortable and easy to wear, but it does not look like my own hair at all. The color looks great on me though.


Product name: Parker 91R Super Heavyweight Double Edge Safety Razor & 5 Shark Chrome Blades Product review: I have been using this razor for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it on my legs, arms, face, etc...and it works great!


Product name: Finish All in 1 Powerball Fresh, 54ct, Dishwasher Detergent Tablets Product review: I have been using this for a few years now.  I use it on my dishwashers and it works great!


Product name: MuscleTech Mass Tech Milk Chocolate 7 lbs Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has worked great.  I use it as an energy supplement, but also to help with my weight loss goals.


Product name: Celestial Seasonings Herbal Tea Fruit Sampler - 18 Tea Bags Product review: I love this tea.  I have been drinking it for years and always get a good cup of tea out of it!


Product name: H2EO Ultrasonic Diffuser Blue Lights Model Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it is working great.  I use it in my bathroom to keep the water from getting too hot, but also to help with odor control.


Product name: pH Test Strips by Vaxa -100 Strips Product review: I have been using these for years.  I use them to test my own water and they work great!


Product name: AMBROLEY BEST BADGER MEN'S SHAVING BRUSH - Hand Crafted To Provide The Most Luxurious Shave Lather of Your Life. Our Brushes Outperform Pure Badger, Boar Hair and Synthetics And Our Custom Wood Handle is Second to None Product review: I have been using this brush for a few years now and it has never failed me yet! It's very soft and the bristles are long enough so that you can get close shaving without having to use too much pressure.


Product name: EO Organic Deodorant Spray, Citrus - 4 Fl Oz Product review: I use this on my gym bag and it works great.  I have a very sensitive skin so I don't like using any deodorants that contain aluminum or parabens.


Product name: Sportsheets Impression Leather Crop, Heart Product review: I have a pair of these and they are great.  I wear them with my favorite jeans or shorts for work/school. They fit well and look good on me!


Product name: 1 Month Supply Organic Cassava Root - Fertility Supplement for Twins - Certified Strongest Product on the Market (Vitamin for a... Product review: I have been using this product since it was first released.  I love that it is organic and has no fillers or additives, but also that there are no artificial colors/flavors.


Product name: Marquee 5-Piece Acne Blackhead Removal Tool Set Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it works great.  I use it on my face, neck, chest, arms, legs etc... It is easy to clean up after you are done with your skin care routine.


Product name: Wool Dryer Balls by Smart Sheep 6-Pack, XL Premium Reusable Natural Fabric Softener Product review: I use these in my dryer to keep the clothes smelling fresh.  I have a small laundry room and they are easy to fit into the washer/dryer without being too big or bulky.


Product name: Williams Sound PKT D1 EH Pocketalker Ultra Duo Pack Amplifier with Single Mini Earbud and Folding Headphone Product review: I have a pair of these for my iPhone.  They work great, but the earpieces are not very comfortable to wear long term.


Product name: 350 Blank Kraft Essential Oil Bottle Top 1/2 Inch Round Circle Labels by Rivertree Life Product review: I love this product.  I use it for my own personal aromatherapy and also to help with the smell of a new home or apartment when we move in!


Product name: ViSalus Body By Vi Balance Kit - 24 Meals + 5 Extra Health Mix-ins Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me lose weight.  I am not sure if the extra ingredients are helping or hurting my results but they do seem to help with digestion.


Product name: Lotrimin AF Antifungal Powder Spray for Jock Itch-4.6 oz. Product review: I have been using this product on my legs and feet since it was first released in the market, but now that I am pregnant with twins, I can't use it anymore because of the smell.  I will continue to use this until they are

Product name: Hemp Cream - Fast Relief and Relaxation Product review: I have been using this for a few weeks now.  I use it on my feet, legs, back, neck, etc... It is great!


Product name: NOW Foods L-Tyrosine 500 mg - 120 caps Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my energy levels.  I take one in the morning, then another at night before bedtime.


Product name: BulkSupplements Pure Curcumin 95% Natural Turmeric Extract Powder Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my arthritis.  I take one capsule in the morning, two at night before bedtime.


Product name: Carbo Pro INTERPHASE Hypertrophy Matrix Swiss Chocolate 2.64 lbs Product review: I have been using this product for a few months now and it has helped me to gain weight, but not as much as i would like.  I will continue to use the product until my goal is reached!


Product name: TRYM II - The Rechargeable Modern Hair Clipper Kit - Ultra-sleek Hair, Body, Mustache, and Beard Trimmer Looks Great in Any Bathroom - AC Adapter, Base Dock, and Trimming Attachments Included by Pure Enrichment Product review: I have been using this for about a month now.  I love it!  It is easy to use and the battery lasts long enough that you don't need to charge often.


Product name: Fytto Thermal Therapy Pack, Large Leak-Proof Cap, Condensation Resistant Fabric Product review: I have used this for years.  I use it on my face and neck when the weather is hot or humid. It works great!


Product name: Glad ForceFlex OdorShield Tall Kitchen Drawstring Trash Bags, 13 Gallon Product review: I use these for my trash bags.  They are a little small but they work great and hold up well to the weight of our garbage cans.


Product name: Rhino Ear Washer Bottle System by Doctor Easy Product review: I have been using this for about a year now and it works great.  I use the bottle to wash my earwax out of my ears, then put in a cotton ball or tissue and let air dry.


Product name: GAMMA RAY 003 UV Glare Protection Amber Tinted Computer Readers Glasses Anti Harmful Blue Rays in Shatterproof Memory Flex Frame - Choose Your Magnification Product review: I have been using these glasses for a few years now.  I use them when working on the computer and they are great!  They do not fog up or get hot to touch, so you can work with no worry of getting burned by your

Product name: Adlens Interface Computer Eyewear Product review: I have been wearing these glasses for a few years now.  I love them and they are comfortable to wear all day long!


Product name: STAY DRI Hearing Aid Dehumidifier Product review: I have a hearing aid and it is very difficult to hear in noisy places.  I use this dehumider when going out for the evening or on vacation, so that my hearing aids can be charged without having to worry about them being wet.

Product name: NatureWise Pure Garcinia Cambogia,100% Natural HCA Extract Supports Weight Loss and Curbs Appetite, Superior Absorption Product review: I have been using this product for about a month now.  I am very happy with the results so far!  It has helped me lose weight without any side effects or changes in my diet.


Product name: AmazonBasics D Cell Everyday Alkaline Batteries (12-Pack) Product review: I have been using these for years.  They are the best batteries on the market and they last a long time.


Product name: Equinox International Barber Straight Edge Razor with Black Razor with 100 Blades Product review: I have been using this razor for a few years now.  I love it and use it every day, but the blades are getting dull after about 3 months of daily use.


Product name: e.l.f. Studio Baked Highlighter 83706 Blush Gems NET WT.0.17 OZ (5g) Product review: I love this highlighters, but they are a little hard to get out of the tube and onto my skin.  I have tried several different ways to remove them from their tubes without success.


Product name: Aromatherapy Top 6 100% Pure Therapeutic Grade Basic Sampler Essential Oil Gift Basic sampler essential oil gift set 6-10ML (lavender, sweet orange, peppermint, lemongrass, tea tree, eucalyptus) Product review: I love this!  I use it for my own personal needs and also to help others.  It is a great way of getting the smell in your home without having to go out and buy expensive candles or diffusers.


Product name: Sinus Rinse 16oz Extra Large Bottle Product review: I use this for my sinus problems.  I have a very dry, irritated nose and it helps to keep the sinuses moisturized.


Product name: Natural Cotton Muslin Drawstring Bags 3x5 Inches (7x12 Cm) 100 Count Product review: I use these for my son's diapers and they are great.  I have a few of them in different colors so that he can match his diaper bag to the color scheme at school.


Product name: Nair Hair Remover Bikini Cream Sensitive 1.7 Ounce (50ml) (2 Pack) Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it works great! It is not as strong as the original but still does the job well. The smell of the product isn't too bad either, so if you are sensitive to smells then this

Product name: Puritan's Pride Hops Valerian Combo-100 Capsules Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me sleep better.  I am not sure if the valerians are helping or just making my head feel more relaxed, but either way they work!


Product name: Swanson Timed-Release Horse Chestnut 22% Aescin 200 mg 120 Tabs Product review: I have been using this for a few years now.  I use it to help with my allergies and sinus problems, but also as an anti-inflammatory in the case of arthritis or other joint pain.


Product name: Pure Science AE-3 Chrysin with DIM & Stinging Nettle Root Extract – Natural Aromatase Inhibitor & Estrogen Blocker for Men – 30 Capsules Product review: I have been taking this product for about a month now and it has helped me to lose weight.  I am not sure if the chrysin is helping or just making my body more active but either way, i like that it helps keep my

Product name: New Ludens Blue Raspberry Cough Drops, Single Pack Product review: I have been using these for a few years now and they are great.  I use them when my daughter has a cold or flu.


Product name: Prometheus Ultimo X II Chrome Wave Triple Flame Torch Lighter Product review: I have used this torch for a few years now and it has never failed me.  I use it to light my gas grill, as well as the charcoal.


Product name: Essential Oils Aromatherapy Gift Set - 100% Pure Therapeutic Grade Guaranteed - Premium 6 (Peppermint, Lavender, Orange, Eucalyptus, Lemongrass, Tea Tree) - #1 Award-Winning Ultra Fine Quality Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me with my anxiety.  I use the peppercorn oil to help calm down when I am anxious or nervous.


Product name: MuscleTech Anarchy Pre-Workout Fruit Punch Powder Product review: I like this product.  I use it in the morning and evening, but not as a pre workout. It is great for when you are just getting out of bed or after work.


Product name: Aveeno Baby Wash and Shampoo Product review: I have a very sensitive skin.  I use this product on my face, arms, legs, etc...and it works great!


Product name: Duracell Procell 9 Volt Batteries, Pack of 12 Product review: I have a lot of batteries and this is the best.  I use them for my cell phone charger, flashlight, etc...


Product name: Dutchess Wet Bag Cloth Menstrual Pads Storage Bag - Reusable Breast Pads - Storage Bag - Incontinence Brief Storage Bag Product review: I use these for my daughter.  She has a very sensitive bladder and they are great to have on hand when she needs them!


Product name: Vita Sciences Neuropathy Pain Relief Cream - Nervex Pain Treatment - 1.7 Fl Oz Product review: I have been using this for about a month now and it has helped me with my pain, but the only thing that is really helping me is the fact that I am not taking any other medications or supplements to help with the pain.


Product name: Calabria Reading Glasses - 714 Flexie in Charcoal Product review: I have been using these glasses for a few years now.  I love them and they are very comfortable to wear.


Product name: Perfecto Deluxe Chrome Razor and Brush Stand - The Best Safety Razor Stand. This Will Prolong The Life Of Your Shaving Brush. Product review: I have used this for years, it is a great product!  I use the razor in my shower to shave with soap or water.


Product name: Real-Ease Neck and Shoulder Relaxer Product review: I have been using this for a few years now.  I use it when my neck is stiff or sore from work, but also as needed to help with the occasional stiffness in my shoulder area.


Product name: HoseGlide - CPAP Hose Management System Product review: I have been using this for about a month now and it works great.  I can't believe how much easier breathing is when you use the hose!


Product name: Now Foods, Omega 3-6-9 1000 mg Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me tremendously.  I am not sure if the fish oil is helping or just my body adjusting to it but either way i feel great!


Product name: ReliefX 4oz. Pain Relief Cream with Arnica - May Help Relieve Soreness in Muscles, Joints, Feet and Lower Back Product review: I have been using this for a few weeks now and it has helped me tremendously! It is very soothing to the skin and helps relieve pain from my knee.


Product name: DONJOY Aircast A60 Ankle Support Product review: I have a bad ankle and this is the only thing that has helped me.  I can't wear heels or high heals without it hurting my ankle.


Product name: Turmeric Curcumin Capsules ★ 100% MONEY BACK GUARANTEE ★ - with BioPerine Black Pepper Extract, Aids Absorption - Without This it Won't Work.120 Veggie 500mg Turmeric Supplement, 95% Curcuminoids Product review: I have been taking this for a few weeks now and am very happy to say that my arthritis is much better than before!  I will continue using this product as long as possible


Product name: Ripped Freak Parent Product review: I have a 6 year old and this is the best way to keep him entertained.  He loves it!


Product name: Quilted Northern Ultra Soft and Strong Bath Tissue, 36 Mega Rolls Product review: I use this for my son's bath time.  He loves it!  It is soft enough to not hurt his skin but strong enough that he can't get out of the tub without help.


Product name: Redefine Nutrition Stimul8 Nutritional Supplements, 40 Servings Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me lose weight.  I am not sure if the product is working or just my body adjusting to it but so far its helping!


Product name: Temptooth #1 Seller Trusted Patented Temporary Tooth Replacement Product - with FREE dental tools Product review: I have been using this for a few years now.  I use it when my teeth are chipped or broken and the dentist is not available to fix them.


Product name: SPECIAL PACK OF 3-Aquasonic Gel 8.5oz Each Product review: I have used these for years and they are the best gel cleansers ever!  I use them on my face, body, hair, etc... They work great!!


Product name: Cane -Affordable Gift for your Loved One! Item #DHAR-CS Product review: I bought this as a gift and it was received very well.  I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for an affordable, yet unique gift that will be cherished by the recipient.


Product name: Karman Transport Wheelchair with Companion Brakes, 18 inch Seat and 14 inch Rear Wheels, Silver Frame Product review: I have a wheelchair that is not very easy to push.  I am able to use this chair for short distances but it does not go as far or fast as my other one.


Product name: Badger Balm - Pre-Shave Oil - Navigator Class Man Care - 2 oz Product review: I use this on my face and it works great.  I have sensitive skin so I don't need to worry about the smell or anything else.


Product name: Vital & Strong Pure Turmeric Curcumin 1000mg Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my arthritis.  I take one capsule in the morning, then another at night before bedtime.


Product name: Mutant Pro 100 Gourmet Whey Protein Supplement Product review: I have been using this product for a few months now and it has helped me to lose weight.  I am not sure if the extra protein is helping or just making my workout harder but either way, I like that there are no artificial ingredients in

Product name: Nature's Bounty Hair Skin and Nails 5000 mcg of Biotin - 250 Coated Tablets Regular & Extra Strength Product review: I have been using this for a few months now.  I use it to help with my hair loss, but also as an aid in the healing process after surgery or injury.


Product name: pHenomenal Water - One gallon Product review: I have been using this for a few years now and it is the best water filter ever.  I use it with my AquaPure, which has saved me from buying bottled water at least once or twice per week!


Product name: InnoGear Aromatherapy Essential Oil Diffuser Portable Ultrasonic Diffusers with Color LED Lights Changing and Waterless Auto Shut-off Function for Home Office Bedroom Room, 100 mL Product review: I love this diffuser.  It is so quiet that you can't hear it running but the smell of the oils are amazing!  I use it in my office at work to help me relax after a long day.


Product name: truMedic TENS Unit Electronic Pulse Massager Product review: I have been using this for about a month now.  I use it on my lower back and legs, but the battery life is not great so you need to charge it often.


Product name: Omron Alvita Ultimate Pedometer Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it is great.  I use it to keep track of my daily steps, calories burned, etc... It's easy to read the display on your wrist so you don't need to look at

Product name: InteVision Foam Wedge Bed Pillow (25" x 24" x 12") with High Quality, Removable Cover Product review: I have a very hard time sleeping on my side.  I use this pillow to help me sleep and it works great!


Product name: Scorch Torch Aficionado Easy Slide Switch Triple Jet Flame Butane Torch Cigarette Cigar Lighter w/ Butane Window Product review: I have had this for a few months now and it has been great.  I use it to light my cigars, but also as an emergency lighter when the power goes out or something happens.


Product name: Vitamin World Green Source Multi Vitamins and Minerals, 240 Count Product review: I have been taking these for a few years now.  I take them with my morning coffee or tea. They are great to help me stay healthy!


Product name: Home Office Magenta Plastic Five Claw Design Head SPA Scalp Massager Product review: I have been using this for about a month now and it is working great.  I use it on my head, neck, back of the shoulders, etc... It's very easy to clean up after you are done with your massage session!


Product name: Boiron Homeopathic Medicine Nux Vomica Product review: I have been using this for a few years now.  I use it to help with my allergies and sinus problems, but also as an anti-inflammatory when needed.


Product name: Gain Fireworks In-Wash Scent Booster Granules, Original Scent, 750 g Product review: I use this in my car and it works great.  I have a small window air freshener that is not as effective but the smell of these are much better than any other product on the market for me.


Product name: Band Aid Brand Friction Block Stick.34oz,  Boxes (Pack of 3) Product review: I use this on my car and it works great.  I have a small dent in the front bumper that is easy to fix with this product.


Product name: Tenga Easy Beat Egg Lotion Personal Lubricant, 65 Milliliters Product review: I use this for my husband and it works great.  He loves the way he feels after using it!


Product name: 4X Round Shape Foldable Pocket Spiegel Magnifying Glass Black Product review: I use this for my glasses and it works great.  I have a hard time finding the right size, but this one is perfect!


Product name: Magnilife Relaxing legs cream 4 oz 2 pack Product review: I use this on my feet and it works great.  I have sensitive skin so I don't like using lotions or creams but this is a good alternative for me.


Product name: TENA Incontinence Underwear for Women, Protective, Small/Medium, 18 Count Product review: I have been using these underpants since my daughter was born.  They are the best and most comfortable!


Product name: RMS Oversized Hospital Bed Sheet Set Product review: I have a hospital bed and this is the best sheet set for it.  I use them on my regular sheets as well, but they are much more comfortable than any other brand of sheets that I've tried.


Product name: Einstein's Secret All-Natural, Eco-Friendly Grease Eliminator Degreaser, Chemical-Free Formula Product review: I have used this product for years.  It works great and is very easy to use.


Product name: Solon Foot Solutions Toe Caps  1 Pair Product review: Great to keep my toes warm and dry. I have a pair of these for every day wear, but they are not as durable or comfortable as the ones that come with shoes.


Product name: NOVA Medical Products Deluxe Bath Seat with Back & Arms Product review: I have a very large dog and this is the best way to get him in and out of the tub.  He loves it!


Product name: BulkSupplements CLA Softgels (1000mg) (Conjugated Linoleic Acid) Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me lose weight.  I am not sure if the product is helping or hurting my body, but I do know that I feel better when I take it.


Product name: Hugo Elite Rollator Walker with Seat Product review: I have a bad back and this is the best walker for me.  I can get around easily, but it's not as easy to push myself up from sitting in my chair or bed.


Product name: Aiya America Organic Ceremonial Matcha Green Tea Usu-cha (30 Gram Tin) Product review: I love matcha and this is a great product.  I use it in my morning smoothies, tea or just plain as an iced drink.


Product name: Bayer Contour Next USB Blood Glucose Monitoring System Product review: I have been using this for about a month now.  I like the fact that it is easy to use and does not require any calibration or maintenance.


Product name: Mommy's Bliss Pack Gripe Water Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me with my acid reflux.  I use it in the morning before breakfast, then again at night after dinner.


Product name: Easy@Home 8 Pregnancy Tests - hCG Midstream Sticks Product review: I have used these for years and they work great.  I use them to test my urine at home, but also take them with me when I go out of town so that if there is a problem in the house or car, I can be

Product name: Puritan's Pride Zygest 13 Multi-Enzyme-90 Capsules Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me lose weight.  I am not sure if the enzymes are helping or just making my stomach feel better, but either way they work!


Product name: Signstek 500milliliter Aroma Diffuser LED Color Changing Ultrasonic Home Air Humidifier Product review: I love this humidifier.  It is very quiet and works great!  I have it in my bedroom, so the only time you hear it running is when you go to bed or wake up.


Product name: Thumb Support Splint TailorSplint 3/32" (2.4mm) OptiPerf Beige, Medium Product review: I have a very small thumb and this splint is perfect for me! It fits snugly around my thumb without being too tight or uncomfortable.  I would recommend it to anyone with similar issues.


Product name: USDA Certified Organic Eucalyptus Essential Oil. 100% Pure, Undiluted, Therapeutic Grade Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me with my allergies.  I use it in the morning on an empty stomach to help clear up congestion.


Product name: Procter & Gamble 82027 Magic Eraser, 4-Ct. Product review: I have used this product for years and it works great!  I use it on my computer keyboard to remove the dust that builds up over time.


Product name: Personal Lubricant. Lulu Lube Natural Water-Based Lubes for Men and Women. 16 oz. - Lubricants Made in USA - 100% Unconditional Money Back Product review: I have been using this product since it was first released, but now that the price has gone up to $10 a bottle (which is still cheaper than other brands) I am going back to my old favorite brand.


Product name: PureLife Gabatrol, Fast Acting Stress and Anxiety Formula, 90 Capsules. Includes Free Sample of Ultra Bliss. Helps Improve Mental Focus and Clarity. Promotes Relaxation. GMO Free Product review: I have been using this for a few weeks now and it has helped me with my anxiety issues. It is not as strong as some other products but it works well enough to help me relax when i need it most!


Product name: Drive Medical Winnie Lite 3 Wheel Rollator Product review: I have a walker and this is great for when my husband needs to take me places.  I can roll it in the house, out of the way or just carry it around with no problem at all!


Product name: Spring Valley - Super B-Complex, 250 Tablets Product review: I have been taking this for about a month now and it has helped me with my energy levels.  I am not sure if the product is working or just what I'm doing to help myself but so far it's helping!


Product name: A Size Down Intense Serum Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me to get rid of my acne.  I use it every night before bed, but if you are looking for something that will help your skin in the morning then this is not

Product name: Prestige Medical 82-OB-BLK  Adult Aneroid Sphygmomanometer, Large Product review: I have had this for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it to measure my blood pressure at home when I am not in the office or on vacation.


Product name: Frontier Elder Berries Whole Organic - 1 lb Product review: I have been using this for a few years now.  I use it in my smoothies, and also as an ingredient to make homemade protein powder.


Product name: Soft Protective Helmet, Medium (21-22 inches), Blue Product review: I have a hard time finding helmets that fit my head.  This one fits perfectly and is very comfortable to wear.


Product name: Activa Naturals Whey Protein Powder, Strawberry, 5 Pound Product review: I have been using this product for a few months now and it has helped me to lose weight.  I am not sure if the whey protein is helping or just making my body feel fuller longer.


Product name: GESS 620 German Ultrasonic Cleansing Instrument Electric Facial & Body Cleansing Brush Spa Massage Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it is great.  I use it on my face, neck, arms, legs, feet, etc... It's easy to clean up after you are done with your session.


Product name: BH Reusable-Washable waterproof bed pad / chair pad 17 x 24 Product review: I have a very hard time finding comfortable chairs.  This is the perfect solution for me!  I can sit in it and not worry about my back hurting from sitting too long or being uncomfortable.


Product name: Dr. Scholl's Massaging Gel Heel Cushions Men's 8-13  (Pack of 3) Product review: I have been using these for a few years now and they are great! They do not slip around on my feet, but if you wear them with socks or shoes that don't fit well, then it is easy to get the gel off your foot

Product name: PRO-Kids: Children's Probiotics - 60 Tiny, Sugar Free, Once Daily, Time Release Pearls - 15x More Effective than Capsules - Recommended with Vitamins - for Kids Ages 3 and Up - Very Easy to Swallow Product review: I have been using this product since my son was born.  I love it!  It is easy to swallow and he loves the taste of his pearl.


Product name: BulkSupplements Pure Taurine Powder Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my energy levels.  I take 1/2 tsp in water before bedtime to help keep the energy up during the day.


Product name: Regal Earth Eucalyptus Essential Oil - 30ml Product review: I use this oil for my dogs and they love it.  I have a dog that is allergic to eucryptics so I can't vouch for the safety of using this on your own pets, but if you're looking for an

Product name: Amazon Elements Wipes Product review: I use these for my kids and they work great.  I have a hard time finding wipes that are not too sticky or gooey, but this is perfect!


Product name: Muscle Pharm Combat Crunch Supplement, 12 Count Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my weight loss.  I am not sure if the product is helping or hurting but I do know that I feel better when I take it.


Product name: Colon Helper - The Best Colon Cleanse & Detox Formula - Feel Clean, Refreshed and Energized - Improve Weight Loss Results - Excellent Digestive Aid - 100% Pure & Natural Ingredients - 3 Million Bottles Sold Product review: I have been using this for a few months now.  I love it!  It is easy to take with me when traveling or on the go.


Product name: Bach Original Flower Remedy - Cherry Plum and Star of Bethlehem Chewing Gum - Anxiety and Stress Relief - Sugar Free - (40 Pieces) Product review: I have been using this for a few years now.  I use it when my anxiety is high, or if I am feeling stressed out. It works great!


Product name: Disc Pendant - Chew Necklace for Sensory, Oral Motor, Anxiety, Autism, ADHD Product review: I love this necklace.  It is very cute and the colors are bright!  I have a son with autism who loves to chew on anything he can get his hands on so it's perfect for him.


Product name: Kirkland Signature Quit Smoking Gum, 4 mg, 380 Count Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it works great.  I use it when I am having an anxiety attack or just need to calm down.


Product name: Eucalyptus Essential Oil - 100% Pure Therapeutic Grade Eucalyptus Oil by Natural Acres - 10ml Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me with my allergies.  I use it in the morning on an empty stomach, then again at night before bedtime to help calm down any allergy symptoms that may be present.

Product name: Dutchess Reusable Sanitary Pads Product review: I use these for my daughter's school lunches.  They are a great way to keep her lunch clean and sanitary, but they do not hold up well in the heat of summer.


Product name: Water-based Natural Lube,  8 Ounce Product review: I love this lube. It is a great product for those who are looking to add some extra moisture and lubrication into their sex life!


Product name: TruNature Prostate Health Complex - Saw Palmetto with Zinc, Lycopene, Pumpkin Seed - 250 Softgels Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me tremendously.  I am not sure if the saw palmetton is helping or just making my symptoms worse but either way i will continue to take it!


Product name: 5 mg, 275 pills, Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my depression.  I take one pill in the morning before breakfast and another at night after dinner.


Product name: NorthShore Premium Super-Absorbent Underpads (Chux) Product review: I have used these for years.  They are the best underpad ever!  I use them in my car, at work and on airplanes.


Product name: Subaru Front License Plate Adapter Kit Product review: I have a front license plate that is too small for my car.  I bought this to make it fit, and now the back of my vehicle looks like an afterthought!


Product name: Member's Mark Nicotine Lozenge 4mg 189 ct Mint / Previously Simply Right Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it is great.  I use it when i am feeling stressed or need to relax, but not too much because of the nicotine content.


Product name: BUFF National Geographic Buff, OS, 71065ZULU Product review: I have been using this for a few years now.  I use it to keep my dog's water bowl clean and fresh. It is easy to install on the side of your sink or in the shower.


Product name: Matrix Wonders Micro Oil Conditioner for Unisex, 6.8 Ounce Product review: I use this on my hair and it makes a huge difference in the way that my curls look after washing them. It also helps to keep my curly locks from frizzing up when I blow dry or straighten my own hair!


Product name: Unisex PM 2.5 Pollen Dust Face Mouth Masks -ZWZCYZ Anti Dust Activated Carbon Cotton Warm Masks Filter Breath Respirator Reusable Washable Allergy Flu Gauze Mask Product review: I have used these for a few years now and they are great!  I use them when I am out in the woods or on my bike, but also at home to keep dust from getting into our air vents.


Product name: LENOX TOGETHER FOREVER CAT BRIDE & GROOM NEW IN BOX Product review: I have a cat and he loves this product.  I use it on my bed, in the car, etc...it's great!


Product name: Garden of Life - RAW Probiotics Ultimate Care - Acidophilus and Bifidobacteria Live Culture Probiotic - Gluten, Soy, and GMO-Free - 30 Vegetarian Capsules Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now.  I take it with my morning coffee or tea. It has helped me to stay regular in the mornings.


Product name: Periodic Essentials || Magnesium Bis-Glycinate Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my period.  I am not sure if the magnesium is helping or just making things easier, but either way it works!


Product name: Nature's Way Tru-OPCs 75mg Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me with my ADHD.  I take one in the morning, one at night before bedtime.


Product name: Charmin Ultra Strong Toilet Paper, Bath Tissue Product review: I have been using this toilet paper for years.  I use it in the bathroom and on my clothes as well. It is a great product!


Product name: Cosamin ASU Active People Capsule, 180-Count Product review: I have been using this product for a few months now and it has helped me to lose weight.  I am not sure if the results are permanent but so far they seem to be working well!


Product name: White Kidney Bean Extract - #1 Premium Formula for Weight Loss & Appetite Suppression - Highest Grade, Best Premium Quality – Carb Blocker - Guaranteed By California Products Product review: I have been using this product for about a month now.  I am not sure if it is working or not but so far no side effects and my weight loss has increased by 2 pounds!


Product name: Propolis - Homeopathic Ointment for Topical Application 60 gr (2 Tubes x 30 gr) Product review: I have been using this product on my face and it has helped me a lot.  I use it after washing with soap, then moisturizing with the same soap.


Product name: Omega 3 Antarctic Krill Oil 1000mg - MSC Certified Sustainable SuperbaBoost - With EPA & DHA Fatty Acids & Astaxanthin - Heart, Brain, Skin, Joint & Immune Support - 60 Softgels Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me tremendously.  I am not sure if the fish oil is helping or just my body adjusting to the new supplement but either way i feel great!


Product name: CoenzymatedÃ¢â€žÂ¢ B-3 Sublingual 25 mg 60 Tablets Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my energy levels.  I take one tablet in the morning, then another at night before bedtime.


Product name: Premium Scalp / Shampoo Massage Brush / Head Scratcher by Cherir, Unique Flexible Massage Fingers. Rounded Edges to Prevent Skin Damage Product review: I have used this for a few months now and it works great!  I use it on my legs after working out or when I get home from work. It is easy to clean up with water.


Product name: Le Couvent Des Minimes Everyday Deodorant with Alum Stone, 1.6 Fluid Ounce Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it works great!  I use it in the morning before my workout to keep odors at bay.


Product name: Kappus Soaps Sandalwood 4.2 Oz Product review: I love this soap! It is a great scent and it works well with my skin.  I use it on the face, body, hair, etc...


Product name: Body Drench Quick Tan Instant Self Tanning Spray Medium Dark (Pack of 3) Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it works great.  I use it on my legs, arms, chest, face, etc... It is easy to apply and dries quickly.


Product name: 10 4LR44 6V Alkaline Batteries for Dog Shock/Training Collars by Loopacell Product review: I have a dog that is very sensitive to the sound of his collar.  I use this battery in my training collars and it works great!


Product name: SolarCal-D Marine Coral Calcium plus Vitamin D (3 Bottles, 90 Tablets each) Product review: I have been using this for a few years now and it has always worked well.  I use it in the morning with my breakfast to help keep me from getting too hungry during the day.


Product name: Fleshlight Sex in a Can Lady Lager Realistic Male Masturbator Sex Toy, 8 Ounce Product review: I love this toy.  It is very realistic and the suction cup makes it easy to clean up after use.


Product name: BD MCK95682712 Alcohol Swabs (1 Box of 100 Swabs) Product review: I use these for cleaning my glasses and they work great.  I have a hard time finding alcohol swabs that are not too expensive, but this one is perfect!


Product name: GMS 28 Day Automatic Pill Dispenser,6 Alarms,6 Dosage Rings, 1 Key with Clear and White Lid Product review: I have been using this for about a month now.  I love it!  It is easy to use and the alarms are very helpful when you forget your meds at home or work.


Product name: DryPro Waterproof Half Leg Cast Cover Product review: I have a cast on my leg and it is very hard to keep clean.  I use this cover for when I am out in the rain or snow, but if you are not wearing your shoes then it will get wet too!


Product name: VitaSound Personal Audio Enhancer Package Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has really helped my hearing.  I can hear the TV, radio, etc much better than before.


Product name: Pure Synergy Super B-Complex 60 Vegetable Tablets by The Synergy Company Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my energy levels.  I take one tablet in the morning, another at night before bedtime.


Product name: Drive Medical Elevated Raised Toilet Seat with Removable Padded Arms, Standard Seat Product review: I have a wheelchair and this is the best seat for me.  I can sit on it without having to worry about falling off or getting hurt.


Product name: QP2 Premium Round Pendant - Fusion Excel® the EMF Neutralizer - Protection From Cell Phone, Computer, and Electronic Devices. Includes Fusion Excel Authenticity & Registration Card with "scratch" ID and Password for Registration at FusionExcelIntl Website. Product review: I have had this pendant since it was released in 2011. It is a great product that has saved me from many headaches over the years!


Product name: Premium Adrenal Support Supplements for Cortisol Manager, Adrenal Health & Stress Relief - 100% Natural w/ Herbals To Fight Adrenal Fatigue - 60 Vcaps - Vegetarian Formula Product review: I have been taking this product for about a month now and it has helped me tremendously.  I am not sure if the reason is because of the herbs or just the fact that my body needs more energy to function properly.


Product name: Pure Protein 100% Whey Powder Product review: I have been using this product for a few months now and it has helped me lose weight.  I am not sure if the whey is helping or hurting my weight loss but i do know that it tastes great!


Product name: Foot Log Product review: I have a pair of these and they are great.  I wear them with my running shoes, but also use them as an extra layer when it's cold outside or if the weather is rainy/snowy.


Product name: Metamucil Daily Fiber Supplement, 100% Natural Psyllium Husk, Orange Smooth Sugar Free Fiber Powder, 72 Doses Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me lose weight.  I am not sure if the fiber is helping or just making my stool softer but either way it works!


Product name: Drive Medical RTL10109 Universal Walker Wheels, Gray Product review: I have a walker and this wheel is great.  I can easily roll it around the house or to my car without having to worry about getting stuck in the driveway.


Product name: Chattanooga Group Blue Vinyl Reusable ColPac for Pain and Swelling Product review: I have been using this product since the beginning of my pregnancy.  I use it every day, even when I am not pregnant! It is a great way to keep your skin moisturized without having to worry about chemicals or other harsh ingredients in lot

Product name: Protein 29 Protein 29 Hair Groom Liquid, 4 oz (Pack of 2) Product review: I use this on my hair and it works great.  I have very curly/wavy hair so the product is a must for me!


Product name: PrimeEffects Sweet Dreams Sleep Mask with Ear Plugs - Super Lightweight Soft & Comfortable Eye Mask Blocks Light Fully - Helps Men Women & Kids Sleep Better - Wide Strap with Velcro and Earplugs Holder - Manufacturer Satisfaction Guarantee Product review: I have been using this for about a month now.  I love it!  It is very light weight, comfortable to wear, easy to put on/take off.


Product name: Prestige Medical Padded Medical Bag Product review: I have used this bag for a few years now.  I use it to carry my medical supplies and other items that are not easily accessible in the car or on an airplane.


Product name: Xtech XHOI-100 Powerful Rechargeable Electric Oral Irrigator / Water Flosser with 3 Operating Modes, 2 Water Tank Refill Options & 2 Replacement Nozzles Product review: This is a great oral irrigator.  It's easy to use and clean up after you're done using it. It has an adjustable water flow rate so that you can adjust the amount of water coming out for your mouth or teeth cleaning needs

Product name: Kojie San Lightening Soap - Pack of 2 Product review: I use this soap for my face and it works great.  I have sensitive skin so I don't need to worry about the ingredients in this product causing any irritation or breakouts.


Product name: Body Back Company's Body Back Buddy Trigger Point Self-Massage Tool and Footstar Massage Ball Bundle (Ball Color May Vary) Product review: I have been using this for a few months now.  I use it on my lower back, upper arms, neck, shoulders, etc... It is great!


Product name: Zing Nutrition Bar, Dark Chocolate Mint,1.76 Oz. Bars, 12 Count Product review: I love these! They are so good and the chocolate mint flavor is perfect for me.  I have been using them as a snack or in my coffee.


Product name: VERTIGOHEEL Product review: I have been using this for about a year now.  I use it to help with my knee pain and also as an aid in walking on uneven ground.


Product name: Walkfit Platinum Orthotics- Size F (W 10-10.5/M 9- 9.5) Product review: I have been wearing these for about a year now and they are great!  I wear them all the time, even when walking around town or going to work.


Product name: Grapefruit Essential Oil by Ovvio | 100% Pure Aromatherapy | Highest Quality Premium Grade Essential Oil from Mexico | Large 15 ml Product review: I love this oil.  I use it in my diffuser and on the skin for a variety of things, including headaches, anxiety, stress relief, etc...


Product name: Burt's Bees Baby Bee SPF 30 100% Natural Sunscreen Stick, 0.7 ounces Product review: I use this on my face and arms when the sun is out. It works great!  I have sensitive skin so it doesn't irritate me at all.


Product name: MET-Rx Ultramyosyn Whey, Peanut Butter Cup, 5 Pounds Product review: I have been using this product for about a month now.  I am very pleased with the results so far and would recommend it to anyone looking for an effective weight loss supplement.


Product name: TML Wellness Premium Vitamin B12 Methylcobalamin (2500 mcg/ml). Renew Yourself With A Natural Boost Of Energy! Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my energy levels. It is not as strong of an effect as some other products but still helps to keep you going when your body needs more energy than usual.


Product name: Medi Cane Folding Travel Cane With Pivoting Wide Quad foot Base And Adjustable 6 Bulb LED Flashlight Product review: I have a hard time finding canes that are not too big or bulky.  This one is perfect for me! It's light weight and easy to carry around in my purse, backpack, etc...


Product name: Pure Forskolin Extract for Weight Loss - Natural Fat Burner, Appetite Suppressant Supplement for Women & Men - Standardized to 20% in One Capsule Product review: I have been taking this product for about a month now and it has helped me lose weight.  I am not sure if the reason is because of the pure form or just the fact that I take it daily but either way it works!


Product name: Natures Best Isopure - Isopure RTD Zero Carb Blue Ras, 12 drinks Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it is great.  I use it to make my own tea or hot cocoa mix with the added benefit of no sugar!


Product name: Turmeric Curcumin - 120 Capsules 2 Month Supply - Natural Anti-inflammatory for Joint & Arthritis Pain Relief - Powerful Antioxidant - Improve Digestion Product review: I have been taking this product for about a month now.  I am very satisfied with the results so far and would recommend it to anyone who is looking for an alternative to NSAIDs or other pain killers.


Product name: EasyComforts Bed Guard Rail Product review: I have a bed rail that is not level.  I had to use this product and it worked great!  It was easy to install, no need for any tools or special equipment.


Product name: Windsor Direct Buckingham Easywipe Toilet Aid Product review: I have a toilet that is not easy to clean.  I use this product and it works great!


Product name: Drive Medical Duet Transport Chair/Rollator Product review: I have a bad back and this chair is great.  I can get around the house with it, but not as far as my car or to the store.


Product name: Glade PlugIns Scented Oil Air Freshener Refill, Hawaiian Breeze Product review: I love this!  I use it in my car and at home.  It smells great and is easy to apply.


Product name: Compound Benzoin Tincture U.S.P. Swabsticks Product review: I have been using this for a few years now and it works great!  I use it on my skin, in the bath or as an essential oil diffuser.


Product name: Aqua Calida Ice Bag Product review: I use this for my ice maker.  It works great and is easy to install.


Product name: GNC Melatonin 5000 Zipmelt&#153; 60 Vegetarian Tablets Product review: I have been taking this for a few years now.  I take it at night and wake up feeling refreshed in the morning.


Product name: Pure Naturals #1 Alpha Lipoic Acid 600 Mg Capsules - High Potency - Powerful Antioxidant - 3rd Party Tested :: Certified Full Strength Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my energy levels.  I also take the other product that is in the same line, but not as strong.


Product name: The "Nearly" Universal OH - Cup or Drink Holder Product review: I use this for my husband's cup of coffee.  He is a big guy and it holds his cup very well, but he has to hold the handle with one hand while drinking from the other.


Product name: Mack's Dreamweaver Contoured Sleep Mask Product review: I have used this mask for about a month now and it has been great.  I use it when I am going to bed, or if my eyes are bothering me in the morning.


Product name: Wall Charger and Replacement Battery for All Cordless Swivel Sweepers Product review: I have a corded sweeper that is not working.  I was able to find this battery at the local Home Depot store, but it did take some time to get there.


Product name: Kyolic Aged Garlic Extract Liquid Vegetarian Cardiovascular Supplement Capsules Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my cholesterol.  I take one capsule in the morning, then another at night before bedtime.


Product name: Optimal Daily Face Shield Moisturizer SPF 30 Broad Spectrum with Hyaluronic Acid and Vitamin E Product review: I have been using this for a few months now.  I love it!  It is very moisturizing, but not greasy or sticky at all.


Product name: Ubervita Uberlegs Lactic Acid Inhibitor Capsules, 60 Count Product review: I have been using these for a few months now and they are great.  I use them to help with my leg cramps when running or hiking.


Product name: Best Patchouli Oil - 100% Pure Patchouli Essential Oil Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me with my skin.  I use it on the back of my neck, under my eyes, in my hair, etc...


Product name: BiC Soleil Glow Razors - 3 ct Product review: I have been using these for a few years now.  I use them on my legs and feet, but they are great to shave the back of your neck as well!


Product name: Life Extension Two Per Day 120 Capsules… Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my weight loss.  I take one in the morning, one at night before bedtime.


Product name: Slumber Effects Stop Teeth Grinding Mouth Guard – Best Teeth Grinding Solution on the Market Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has worked great.  I use it at night when my teeth are grinding, but also during the day if I am having trouble sleeping.


Product name: Atharva Pure Beeswax Pellets, Yellow, 1 Pound-Pesticide-Free Chemical-Free Cosmetic Grade Product review: I use this for my hair and it works great.  I have very thick curly hair so the product is a must!


Product name: DELUXE LOWER BACK POSTURE CORRECTOR Stoop Brace Lumbar & Thoracic Support Belt Product review: I have been using this for about a month now and it has helped me tremendously.  I am able to sit in my chair without pain or discomfort, which is great!


Product name: Energizer 2016 3V Lithium Button Cell Battery Retail Pack - 2-Pack Product review: I have a battery that is about to die.  I was able to get this one for $1.00 each, so it's worth the price!


Product name: Huggies One & Done Refreshing Baby Wipes Refill, Cucumber and Green Tea, 648 Count (Packaging may vary) Product review: I use these wipes for my son's diaper changes.  They are great!  I have a hard time finding the right ones to fit his needs.


Product name: [ 95% HCA ] Pure Garcinia Cambogia Extract - Highest Potency, Extremely Powerful NEW and IMPROVED Formula, Maximum Strength Natural Weight Loss Supplement, Appetite Suppressant, Fat Burner, and Carbs Blocker by ZenVita Formulas Product review: I have been using this for about a month now.  I am not sure if it is working or not but so far no side effects from the product.


Product name: LiveMus!c HearSafe Ear Plugs with Silicone Triple Flange and Noise-Cancellin Product review: I have been using these for a few years now.  They are great, but they do not stay in my ear long enough to be useful.


Product name: Huggies Soft Skin Wipes Shea Butter Product review: I use these wipes for my son's eczema.  They are great, but they don't last very long on his skin.


Product name: Stop Snoring Tonight with #1 Anti Snoring Chin Strap Device - This Popular Snoring Aid Comes With Free Sleep Package Included. New Comfort Plus Chin Pad. Proven Snoring Solution TRY RISK FREE! Stop Snoring or 100% Money Back Guaranteed Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me tremendously, especially when traveling to different places where my snore is more noticeable than usual.  I highly recommend this product.


Product name: Amazing Herbs Cold-Pressed Black Seed Oil Softgels - 90 Capsules Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me with my allergies.  I use it in the morning on an empty stomach, then again at night before bedtime.


Product name: Pure Garcinia Cambogia Extract PLUS Detox Cleanse SYSTEM!  - Get FAST RESULTS From 2 BEST SELLERS For The Price Of 1 (Diet Kit) - High HCA - 100% Satisfaction Guarantee - Click the 'ADD TO CART' Button! Product review: I have been using this for a few weeks now and it has helped me lose weight.  I am not sure if its because of the garcinian or just my diet but i feel more energetic, less bloated and fuller in the tum

Product name: Pinalim Te De Pina,pineapple Tea Excellent Natural Tea to Weight Loss 1 Pack Product review: I love this tea.  I have been drinking it for years and never had a problem with the taste or smell of it.


Product name: Mommy's Bliss Sweet Slumber Mist, 3.25 Fluid Ounce Product review: I use this for my daughter and it works great!  I have a hard time getting her to sleep without it so she is always happy when we get home from the hospital.


Product name: Slumber Fit Sleep Aid, Natural Relaxant And Anxiety Reducer In One! With Melatonin, GABA, 5-HTP Plus More! Product review: I have been using this for about a month now and it has helped me sleep better.  I am not sure if the melatonin is helping or just making my body more relaxed but either way it works great.


Product name: Huggies Overnites Diapers Product review: I have been using these for about a month now and they are great.  I use them with my son who is almost 2 years old, but he still has to go in the potty every time we leave him at home alone!


Product name: Beard Trimmers Kit for Men- 4 Piece Beard Grooming Kit, Beard Care Products Kit Includes, Beard Comb, Beard Scissors, Beard Brush, Beard Care Products, Great for Beard Trimming, Amazing Gift Idea for Men Product review: I have been using this beard trimmer since the beginning of summer.  I use it every day and love how easy it is to clean up after each session.


Product name: DonJoy Tru-Pull Lite Knee Brace Product review: I have a knee injury and this is the best brace for me.  I wear it all day long, even when doing yard work or walking around town. It's comfortable to wear and easy on my knees.


Product name: Elbow Sleeve Product review: I have a very large arm and this is the perfect size.  I can wear it under my shirt or over top of it, depending on what I am wearing.


Product name: Herbs for Depression - 100% Whole Organic Herbs - St. Johns Wort, Damiana, Valerian, Hawthorne, Schizandra, and More - Feel Great Product review: I have been taking this product for about a month now and it has helped me tremendously! It is very easy to take with no side effects at all.


Product name: Pain Relief Gel Ice Pack with Wrap for Hot and Cold Therapy: Microwavable, Flexible, Reusable (For Small Body Parts or Limbs Only) Product review: I use this on my knee when it gets sore.  It works great!  I have a bad habit of putting ice in the same place every time so this is perfect to keep me from doing that.


Product name: Dr. Bronner's Sal Suds Biodegradable Cleaner - 32 oz Product review: I use this for cleaning my car and it works great!  I have a small can of the stuff in my purse so that when I need to clean something, I don't forget it.


Product name: Nature Made Burpless One Per Day Fish Oil, 1200mg, 720 mg OMEGA-3, 120-Count Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my depression.  I take one per day in the morning on an empty stomach.


Product name: Lush Multiple Speed Wireless Therapeutic Massager Product review: I have a hard time finding the right massagers for my back.  This one is great! It's easy to use and it works well with my body type.


Product name: Don Wand Glass Pleasure Wand, Swirl Mushroon Tip Rocket, Blue Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it is great.  I use it on my clit to get off when i am horny or just want some relief from the pressure of having an orgasm.


Product name: MAXELL LR44 (AG13) BATTERIES 10 pcs Product review: I have a lot of batteries and this is the best.  I use it for my camera, flashlight, etc...


Product name: Healthy Origins Pycnogenol (Nature's Super Antioxidant)  100 mg, 120 Veggie Caps Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my arthritis.  I take one capsule in the morning on an empty stomach and then another at night before bedtime.


Product name: Gaia Herbs Turmeric Supreme Allergy, 60 Count Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me tremendously.  I am not allergic to anything but the smell of turmeric is very strong so if you are sensitive to smells then be careful when adding it into your food

Product name: NatureOtics Vein Health Support Dietary Supplement for Healthy Legs Product review: I have been using this product for about a month now and it has helped me tremendously.  I am not sure if the results will last but so far they are great!


Product name: Pure Garcinia Cambogia Extract - 95% HCA Capsules - Best Weight Loss Supplement - Non GMO - Gluten and Gelatin Free - Natural Appetite Suppressant - 100% Money Back Guarantee - Order Risk Free! Product review: I have been using this product for about a month now.  I am very happy with the results so far, but it is too early to tell if it will continue working as well after my weight loss has stopped.


Product name: NARS Audacious Lipstick, Raquel, 0.14 Ounce Product review: I love this lipstick! It's a great color and it lasts for hours on my lips without drying out or fading. The packaging is very cute too :)


Product name: Macks Soft Flanged Aqua Block Earplug, Purple Product review: I have been using these for a few years now.  I use them when working on the boat and they are great!  They don't leak or fall out easily.


Product name: Vinco - Red Yeast Rice (Rx) 600 mg 120 vcaps [Health and Beauty] Product review: I have been using this for about a month now.  I like it, but the taste is not my favorite.


Product name: MemorySoft Sleep Mask - Eye Mask and Ear Plugs - Black Product review: I have used this mask for years.  I use it when my eyes are tired or dry, but also as a sleep aid to help me fall asleep faster.


Product name: Brainergy-X (120 Capsules): BEST Rated Brain + Energy Supplement: Focus, Brainpower Enhancing, Nootropic. Premium, Caffeine + L-Theanine. Safe Product! 100% EVO-X Platinum Guaranteed! Product review: I have been taking this for about a month now and it has helped me focus more on my work at the office as well as in school. It is also helping with anxiety when driving or walking around campus.


Product name: Kirkland Signature, Diphenhydramine HCI 25 Mg Product review: I have been using this for years.  I take it when my allergies are acting up and it works great!


Product name: Nature Made Triple Omega 3 6 9 - Fish, Flaxseed, Safflower & Olive Oils - 180 Softgels Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my depression.  I take one every morning before breakfast.


Product name: TGS All Natural 100% Whey Protein Powder - Unflavored, Undenatured, Unsweetened - Low Carb, Soy Free, Gluten Free, GMO Free - 2lb Product review: I have been using this product for a few months now and it has helped me lose weight.  I am not sure if the whey protein is helping or just making my workout harder but either way its working!


Product name: Bevin Bells - Shop Keeper's Bell Product review: I have a small shop and this is the perfect bell for me.  I use it to keep my customers in line when they are trying on shoes or other items that need attention.


Product name: Solaray Magnesium Glycinate 400 Mg - 120 Veg Capules Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my magnesium deficiency.  I take one capule per day, but if you are on the go or need more than that then just add another to your daily routine!

Product name: Rootology Breathe Free 120 Capsules (Nasal & Sinus Health) Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me tremendously.  I am not sure if the product is working or just my body adjusting to it but I do feel better overall.


Product name: Eufora Style Details Dry Spray Wax 4.4 oz Product review: I have used this product for years and it has always worked well, but now that my hair is thinning a bit more than usual, the spray seems to be less effective.  I will continue using it though because of its price point!


Product name: pH Test Strips 120ct - Tests Body pH Levels for Alkaline & Acid levels Using Saliva and Urine. Track and Monitor Your pH Balance & A Healthy Diet, Get Accurate Results in Seconds. pH Scale 4.5-9 Product review: I use these to test my urine when i have a urinary tract infection or if i am taking antibiotics.  I also take them with me on vacation so that i can check the level of acidity/alkalinity at any given time.


Product name: Duro-Med Heavy-Duty Sliding Transfer Bench Shower Chair with Cut-out Seat and Adjustable Legs, Gray Product review: I have a very large bathroom.  I use this chair in the shower to hold my towel while showering. It is easy to adjust for height or length of time you want it there.


Product name: Garcinia Cambogia Extract Pure Premium Ultra - 80% HCA - Extra Strength - 1200mg/Serving - 2400mg Daily -120 Capsules (Veggie) -100% Natural Appetite Suppressant With Potassium Product review: I have been using this product for about a month now.  I am very satisfied with the results and would recommend it to anyone looking for an appetite suppressant or weight loss supplement.


Product name: Metamucil - MultiHealth Fiber Singles Orange Smooth Sugar-Free - 30 x.21 Ounce Packets Product review: I have been using this product for a few years now.  I use it to help with my digestion and also as an appetite suppressant when I am not hungry.


Product name: Pendulum Large Facited Citrine Product review: I have been using this pendulum for a few months now and it is working great.  I use it to help me focus on my goals, meditate or just relax.


Product name: Inhale Respiratory Blend by Ovvio Oils for Sinus Relief and more. High Quality Essential Oil Blends for Aromatherapy. Product review: I have been using this blend on my sinuses, it has helped a lot!  I would recommend to anyone with sinus issues or allergies


Product name: COMPLETE MEN'S SHAVING SET - Sturdy Long Handle Double Edge Razor Kit - Includes Full Stand, Boar Hair Shave Brush and 5 Derby Blades. Everything You Need To Start Shaving Including Our Best Selling Premium 3 Piece Open Comb Razor in a Convenient Gift Set. Outstanding Offer Only From AmbroleyOnline - 60 Day Money Back Guarantee. You Won't Be Disappointed! Makes a Great Gift Product review: I have used this razor for about 2 years now. It is very sharp and easy to use. The only thing that could be improved would be the handle being more comfortable.


Product name: TOPWEL Durable Pet Dog Nylon Adjustable Loop Slip Leash Rope Lead 1.2*0.8CM Product review: Great for my dog, but I wish it was a little longer so that he could reach the ground when we go out walking.


Product name: Ultimate Pleasure Male Vibrating Massage Hitachi Magic Wand Attachment - Magic Penis Massager - Essential for All Men -Male Masturbator Toy - Head Stimulator - Best Male Massage Wand Attachment! Product review: I have been using this product since it was released.  I love the way that it feels and works, but there are a few things to keep in mind when you use it.


Product name: Now Foods Maca Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me with my energy levels.  I use it in smoothies, yogurt or just plain on its own.


Product name: CoverGirl Outlast Stay Brilliant Mint Mojito 285 Nail Gloss -- 2 per case. Product review: I love this product! It is a great color and it stays on for hours without chipping or smudging.  I have been using these products since the beginning of my nail polish addiction, so they are very familiar to me now.


Product name: Maxell Watch Battery Button Cell SR626SW SR-626SW 377 Batteries Product review: I have had this battery for a few years now and it still works great.  I use it in my watch, as well as on the camera that is attached to my bike.


Product name: Lilian Fache Spa-X Advanced Waterproof Facial & Body Cleansing Kit; Advanced Skin Cleansing System Includes Cleansing Tool with 4 Waterproof Attachments - Enjoy Clearer, Smoother, More Radiant Looking Skin at Any Age, 1 Facial Cleanser Brush Kit Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has worked great.  I use the cleansers in conjunction with my Clarisonic Mia 2 brush to get rid of any excess oil or dirt that may be on my skin after washing

Product name: Quabaug Corp. Barge Cement Quart - Each Product review: I have used this product for years and it has always worked well, but now that the cement is a little harder to work with than before, I am having trouble getting it out of my hands when mixing.


Product name: Car Scenter Electric Diffuser Plus 5 Refill Pads Product review: I have a small car and this diffuser works great.  I use it in the front passenger seat, but you can also put it on your dash or under your windshield wiper to keep the air moving around while driving.


Product name: Isagenix 9 Day Deep Fat Burning and Cleanse System CHOCOLATE Brand New Product review: I have been using this for about a month now.  I love the taste of it, but my stomach is not used to it yet so i am having some issues with digestion.


Product name: Master Series The Grease Gun Stainless Steel Lube Launcher Product review: I have used this for years.  I use it to clean my car and the grease gun is a must!


Product name: Muscletech Hydroxycut Nutrition Gummies, Mixed Fruit, 60 Count Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me lose weight.  I am not sure if the taste is good or bad but i do like that they are chewable so you can take them with your meal.


Product name: SUPER 100. 100% Pure Greek Wild Essential Oregano Oil. Min 86% Carvacrol. 1 oz.- 30ml. 129 mg Carvacrol per Serving. Product review: I use this oil for my dogs and they love it!  I have a dog with allergies so I like to keep her happy by using essential oils.


Product name: Beauty Aura 100 % Pure Castor Oil Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me with my dry skin.  I use it on the face, neck, chest, arms, legs, etc...


Product name: P90X Results and Recovery Formula: 30-Day Supply, Smooth Orange Tub 52.9oz Product review: I have been using this for a few weeks now and it has helped me with my recovery from the P 90x workout.  I am not sure if its helping or hurting but i will continue to use it until i find out!


Product name: Optimum Nutrition Serious Mass Product review: I have been using this product for a few months now and it has helped me lose weight.  I am not sure if the extra protein is helping or just making my workouts easier, but either way it works!


Product name: Herbalife Formula1 Lot of 2 Nutritional Shake Choose Flavors! Product review: I love this product.  I use it for my morning coffee and as a snack during the day. It is very easy to mix in water or milk, but if you want more flavor add some honey or sugar.


Product name: GreenHealth - Pack of 6 - Aromatherapy Glass Roll on Bottles, 10ml (1/3oz) Cobalt Blue Glass Product review: I love these! They are so pretty and smell great.  I use them for my aromatherapist practice in the office.


Product name: Chocolate Premium Grade Fragrance Oil Product review: I love this oil.  I use it in my diffuser and on the skin as a massage oil, but also to help with dry skin.


Product name: Nutrigold 7-Keto 100mg, 120 Vegetarian Capsules (Recommended as #1 in Belly-Blasting Weight-Loss Supplements) Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me lose weight.  I am not sure if the product is working or just my body adjusting to it but so far it seems like it's helping.


Product name: GIRLIE MINI EMERY BOARDS (1 DOZEN) - BULK by Fun Express Product review: I love these! They are so cute and fun.  They fit my daughter perfectly, she loves them too.


Product name: Clone A Willy Novice Kit Product review: I have a lot of experience with this product.  I use it for my own personal training and also to help others who are looking to get into the fitness world.


Product name: Metagenics Serenagen Supplement, 180 Count Product review: I have been taking this for about a month now and it has helped me tremendously.  I am not sure if the product is working or just my body adjusting to it but i feel great!


Product name: Ivation Electric callus removers - More Powerful than Battery-Operated Foot File- Best Micro-Pedi Foot Care Tool Shaves Hard, Coarse & Tough Skin on Callused Feet -Professional Pedicure Spa Like Result Product review: This is a great tool for removing calluses.  I use it every day and have not had any problems with the product or the instructions.


Product name: SUNBIOTICS: #1 USDA Certified Organic Probiotic - Potent Probiotics w/ Organic Yacon Root Prebiotics: 30 Vegetarian Chewables - Gluten Free Non GMO - Great Tasting and Great for Kid's - Contains No Stearates Product review: I have been using this product since the beginning of my pregnancy.  I love it!  It has helped me with gas, constipation, bloating, etc...


Product name: Eveline Slim Extreme 3D Thermo Active Cellulite Cream Hot Serum Treatment for Shaping Waist, Abdomen and Buttocks, Product review: I have been using this product for a few months now.  I love it!  It is the best thing to use on my tummy area.


Product name: Prestige Medical Grip Mate Lister Bandage Scissor Product review: I have used this for a few years now and it works great.  I use it to hold my scissors in place while cutting, or as an extra hand when using the bandage scissors.


Product name: Ozeri Precision Digital Bath Scale (400 Lbs Edition), In Tempered Glass With Step-on Activation Product review: I have been using this scale for about a month now.  I love it! It is easy to read and the weight is accurate. The only thing that would make me give it 5 stars, if you could add an alarm feature so when your

Product name: Bugatti B-1001 Butane Cigar Torch Lighter Dual Flame (Dual Torch, Brushed Silver) Product review: I have a lighter that works great for my cigars.  This one is not as good but it does the job and looks nice too!


Product name: EOS Lip Balm Limited Edition Rachel Roy Bundle - 5 Amazing Flavors Product review: I love this lip balm.  I use it every day and have been using it for years now!


Product name: Universal Nutrition Animal Nitro Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me lose weight.  I use it with my dog's food, which is great because he loves the taste of it!


Product name: Two Old Goats - Essential Oil Lotion Product review: I use this on my face and it works great.  I have sensitive skin so I don't need to worry about the ingredients in this product, but if you do then just be sure to read all of the labels before purchasing!


Product name: #1 Booster Supplement – Enhance Stamina, Strength, Energy & Muscle Mass - RUSH by Neovicta - Powerful All Natural Support - 60 Count - Money Back Guarantee Product review: I have been taking this for about a month now and it has helped me tremendously.  I am not as tired at night or during the day.


Product name: FootMatters Gel Ball of Foot Cushions - Self-Sticking & Re-Usable Metatarsal Pads - 3 pair value pack Product review: I have been using these for a few years now.  I use them on my work shoes and they are great!  They don't slip or fall off, but if you wear your shoes in the house with socks it is easy to get dirty

Product name: Nature's Baby Organics Conditioner & Detangler, Vanilla Tangerine, 8 oz (2-Pack) | Babies, Kids, & Adults! Natural, Moisturizing, Gentle, Rich, Hypoallergenic | No Chemicals, Parabens, SLS, Glutens Product review: I use this on my daughter and it works great.  I have used other products that are similar but not as good for her hair.


Product name: Botanic Choice Oil Product review: I use this oil for my hair and skin.  I have been using it for a few months now, and love the results!


Product name: Nutribiotic Gse Tablets, 125 mg, 100 Count Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my digestion.  I take one in the morning before breakfast and another at night after dinner.


Product name: Muscle Pharm Combat Casein Supplement, Chocolate Milk, 2 Pound Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me gain muscle mass.  I am not sure if the chocolate milk is helping or hurting my gains but i do know that it tastes great!


Product name: Premium Strength Pure Garcinia Cambogia Extract Lean HCA - Whole Body Fat Burner Weight Loss Appetite Suppressant Program - 60 or 180 Count - Pharmaceutical Grade Ingredient and Processing - 1500mg - Satisfaction Money Back Guarantee Product review: I have been using this product for about a month now.  I am very happy with the results so far, but it is too early to tell if it will work long term.


Product name: Sound Oasis Sleep Sound Therapy System with Rhythms of the Sea Expansion Sound Card Included Product review: I have been using this for about a month now and it has helped me sleep better.  I use it at night when my husband is asleep, but if he wakes up in the middle of our bedtime routine then we can still hear him

Product name: Comfortland Foot Drop Splint Product review: I have a very high arch and this splint is great for keeping my foot in place.  I use it when walking, running or just sitting at home.


Product name: Premium Collagen Peptides Powder | Grass-Fed, Certified Paleo Friendly, Non-Gmo and Gluten Free - Unflavored and Easy to Mix Product review: I have been using this for a few months now.  I use it in my smoothies or as an add on to other protein powders. It is great!


Product name: 100 Feather Razor Blades NEW Hi-stainless Double Edge Product review: I have used these for years.  They are the best blades ever made, and they last forever!


Product name: Tea Tree ORGANIC Essential Oil. Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me with my acne, but the smell is not pleasant at all!


Product name: Braun IRT6500US ThermoScan Ear Thermometer with ExacTemp Technology Product review: This is a great thermometer.  I use it for my dogs and they love the fact that you can see their temperature on the screen.


Product name: BPI Blox Lemonade 30 Servings,5.29 oz Product review: I love this product!  I use it in my water and as a drink for the kids when they are sick or have tummy aches.  It is so refreshing to sip on while watching TV.


Product name: URIT-12 Hemoglobin(Hemospherin),HCT(Hematocrit) Test Meter Kit Product review: I have been using this for a few years now.  I use it to measure my blood pressure and also to check the level of hemoglobin in my red cells (hemoglobin).


Product name: BCAA Branched Chain Essential Amino Acids Powder by BulkSupplements | 100% Pure 2:1:1 Instantized Formula | Pre/Post Workout Bodybuilding Supplement | Boost Muscle Growth Product review: I have been using this product for about a month now and it has helped me to gain muscle mass.  I am not sure if the results are due to the fact that I use it or because of my diet, but either way I will continue

Product name: Jarrow Formulas Coconut Oil 100% Organic  Extra Virgin Product review: I use this oil for my hair and skin. It is a great product, but it does not last long on the shelf.


Product name: Maca Marvel, Tri-Color Organic Maca Powder Capsule Pills, Peruvian, Gelatinized for Better Bio-availabilty, 750mg, No Additives, Non-GMO, Vegan Product review: I have been taking this product for about a month now.  I am very satisfied with the results and would recommend it to anyone looking for an alternative to coffee or energy drinks!


Product name: Durex Jeans 24 Pack Product review: I have been using these for a few years now and they are still going strong.  I use them in the shower, on my bed or anywhere else that needs to be protected from moisture.


Product name: Boiron Calendula Gel, 2.6-Ounce Tubes (Pack of 3), Homeopathic Medicine for Skin Irritation and Burns Product review: I have used this product on my son's skin since he was a baby. It has helped him heal from many cuts and scrapes that were not healing as quickly as they should be.


Product name: Primal Pit Paste Natural Deodorant, Aluminum Free, Paraben Free, No Added Fragrances Product review: I have been using this for a few years now and it works great.  I use it on my pits after gym workouts to keep them smelling fresh.


Product name: Diva Cup Diva Cup #1 Pre Childbirth Product review: I have been using this for about a month now and it has worked great.  I am very happy with the product, but would like to see more information on how long they last.


Product name: Zyllion ZMA13BK Shiatsu Pillow Massager with Heat for Back, Neck, Shoulders (Black) Product review: I have been using this product on my back and neck.  It is very effective in relieving pain from a herniated disc or pinched nerve.


Product name: Bio-Vegetarian 120 Tablets Product review: I have been using this for about a month now.  I like it, but the taste is not as good as some of my other products that are made with soy or rice protein.


Product name: Shoe Stretcher Pair, Women, Length & Width, Wood, Shoe Stretch Product review: I have a pair of these and they are great.  I use them to stretch my shoes out for the day or when I need more room in my shoe closet.


Product name: EverPure 5-HTP with No Harmful Additives - Supports Positive Mood - 5-HTP Controls Emotional Eating - Improves Sleep - *Free Ebook* - 3x Smaller Capsules - Safe For Vegans - 100mg - 120 Count Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me tremendously.  I am not sure if the reason is because of the supplement or just my own mental state, but either way I feel much better!


Product name: Dettol Topical Antiseptic Liquid 25.35 FL.OZ.(750ml) Product review: I have used this for years and it works great!  I use it on my cuts, scrapes, etc...and it is very effective at killing the germs that cause those problems.


Product name: FDA cleared TENS Unit HM8GL (Silver) HealthmateForever 8 modes Back Pain and Rehabilitation, electroTHERAPY pain relief device for Electrotherapy Pain Management Product review: I have been using this unit on a daily basis since it was delivered.  I use the unit to relieve my lower back pain from sitting at work or driving in traffic.


Product name: NOW Vitamin D-3 1,000 IU,180 Chewables Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my bone density.  I am not sure if the vitamin d is helping or just making up for what i was missing in other vitamins but either way its working great!

Product name: 2 Pack of - K-Y Yours + Mine Couples Lubricant,- 4 Bottles- 1.5-Ounce Each with $50 Dinner & A Movie Promo COde Product review: I have been using this for a few years now and it works great!  I use it on my wife, myself, and our friends when we go out to dinner or the movies.


Product name: Dr. Tobias Colon: 14 Day Quick Cleanse to Support Detox, Weight Loss & Increased Energy Levels Product review: I have been using this product for about a month now and it has helped me lose weight! It is easy to use and the results are amazing!!


Product name: Duracell Products PL123BDK Procell Lithium Batteries For Camera&#44; 3Vdd Product review: I have a Canon G10 and it is not compatible with this battery.  I had to return the batteries for another brand that was more suitable.<br />This product does work, but you need to be careful when using it as they are very

Product name: EVL RE-BLD Product review: I have been using this for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it to clean my car, but also as an air freshener in the house.


Product name: MediTesti&trade; Ovulation & Pregnancy Test - Includes 50 Super Sensitive Ovulation Test Strips (LH Test) & 25 Early Pregnancy Test Strips (hCG Test) Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has worked great.  I use the early pregnancy test strips to confirm my period is late, but if you are trying to get pregnant then these will work just fine!


Product name: doTERRA On Guard Laundry Detergent Product review: I use this detergent in my washer and it works great.  I have a small apartment so the smell is not an issue for me, but if you live with someone who has allergies or asthma then you may want to look elsewhere.


Product name: Country Farms Super Green Drink Mix Product review: I love this drink mix.  I use it in my smoothies and also add to water for a healthy, refreshing beverage!


Product name: Carex Knee Pillow Product review: I have a bad knee and this pillow is great.  I use it at night to help with my pain, but also for comfort when laying on the couch or bed.


Product name: Vive Precision Digital Bathroom Scale - Weight Scale Measuring Device- Electronic Body Scale, Easy to Read, Backlit Display - Accurate to.2 LBs Product review: I have been using this scale for a few months now and it is working great.  I use it in the bathroom as well as my bedroom so that I can keep track of how much weight I am losing or gaining.


Product name: EZ-ACCESS Accessories Universal Crutch Carryon Product review: I have a bad knee and this is the best crutcher for me.  I can carry it in my purse, backpack or even on my shoulder when walking around town!


Product name: XtendLife Total Balance Premium Collection Product review: I have been using this for a few years now.  I use it to keep my hair from getting too dry and frizzy, but also as an anti-dandruff shampoo. It works great!


Product name: SNAC ZMA-5 With 5-HTP Recovery and Sleep Enhancement Formula, 90 Capsules Product review: I have been taking this for about a month now.  I take it in the morning with my breakfast or after dinner if i am having trouble sleeping at night. It has helped me sleep better than any other supplement that ive tried so far!

Product name: Bazuka Extra Strength Verruca and Wart Remover Gel 5g Product review: I have been using this for a few years now.  I use it on my feet, legs, hands, etc... It works great!


Product name: Ivory Snow 2x Ultra Liquid, 16 Loads, 25-Ounce Bottle (Pack of 6) Product review: I use this for my hair and it works great.  I have very thick long curly hair so the product is not as effective on me but still a good buy!


Product name: Dr. Tobias Turmeric Curcurmin - 15x Strength: 750 mg per Capsule of 95% Curcuminoids Plus Bioperine Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my arthritis pain, but the only problem is that it makes your skin break out in acne!


Product name: PoweRoll by TOP-O-Matic Electric Cigarette Machine Product review: I have been using this for about a month now and it works great.  I use the same brand of cigarettes that I used to smoke, but with less tar than before.


Product name: Vktech New Pack of 8 Ear Pick Ear Wax Removal Cleaner Multifunction Beauty Tool Kit Product review: I have been using this for a few years now and it works great.  I use it on my earwax, wax around the ears, and even in between my toes!


Product name: PROGENEX® Cocoon | Micellar Casein Protein Powder | Nighttime Rest and Muscle Recovery Supplement and Sleep Aid | 30 Servings Product review: I have been using this product for about a month now.  I use it as my night time protein shake, but also add in some whey isolate to help with recovery from workouts.


Product name: Promagnet Magnetic Therapy Standard Travel Pad Product review: I have a very sensitive bladder and this pad is great.  I use it at night when I go to bed, but also during the day if I need to sit for long periods of time or take a break from standing up all day.


Product name: Santamedical Electronic Tens Unit Handheld Pain Relief Pulse Massager Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has worked great.  I use it on my lower back, hip area, and upper thigh areas to help with pain from arthritis in those areas.


Product name: Natural Factors - Stress-Relax Tranquil Sleep - Supports Relaxation & Natural Sleep Quality Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me sleep better.  I use it at night before bed, but also during the day when I am feeling stressed out or anxious.


Product name: RepHresh Pro-B Probiotic Feminine Supplement, 30-Count Capsules Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my menstrual cramps.  I also take it when I am having a flare up of the fibroids in my uterus.


Product name: FENFAST® 120 White & Blue Tablet Diet Pills - Clinically Researched Ingredients Made in USA Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me lose weight.  I am not sure if the pills are helping or just making my stomach feel better, but they do seem to help with appetite control.


Product name: Downy Wrinkle Releaser Plus 16.9 fl oz (2 PACK) With Travel Size Spray 3 fl oz Product review: I have been using this for a few years now and it works great!  I use it on my face, neck, arms, legs, etc... It is very gentle but effective at removing wrinkles.


Product name: Lipo Naturals Liposomal Vitamin C | China-Free | No Artificial Preservatives | No Soy | 30 Doses (15 Ounces) | Non-GMO | Made in U.S.A | Maximum Encapsulated Vitamin C Bioavailability for Real Results Product review: I have been using this product since the beginning of summer and it has helped me a lot with my skin condition, especially when i am on vacation or traveling to other countries.


Product name: Dynamic Health 10184 Organic Tart Cherry Juice Concentrate, 32 Ounce Product review: I love this juice.  I use it in my morning smoothies and also add to a glass of water for an afternoon pick-me up!


Product name: Kirkland Signature Non Drowsy Allerclear Loratadine Tablets, Antihistamine, 10mg Product review: I have been taking this for a few years now.  I take it when my allergies are acting up and it has always worked well for me.


Product name: Omron 7-Series Wrist Monitor Product review: I have been using this for about a month now.  I like it, but the battery life is not great and sometimes when you are typing on your computer or phone, the screen will go black.


Product name: Ancient Egyptian Cobra Walking Cane Product review: I have been using this cane for about a year now.  It is very sturdy and easy to use, but it does not bend easily so you need to be careful when walking or standing up from sitting down.


Product name: PowerOne Hearing Aid Batteries Size 312 - 10 Packs of 6 Cells Product review: I have been using these for about a year now.  I use them in my hearing aids and they work great!


Product name: R Ideas Temporary Tattos, Tattoo Mania, Styles Vary Product review: I have been using this for a few years now and it works great.  I use it on my legs to get rid of the old tattoos that are not visible anymore.


Product name: EVOGEN EVP GRAPE - 450 grams Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it is great.  I use it as an aftershave, but also to help with my skin condition (eczema).


Product name: TRUEtest Test Strips, Pack of 300ct-Value Pack Product review: I use these for my son's school.  They are great to have on hand when he has a cold or flu and they work well with the nasal spray that we give him at home.


Product name: Health Max Gel Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me with my dry skin.  I use it after washing my face, then apply moisturizer or lotion to the area that needs help.


Product name: Ezy Dose Weekly Contoured Pill Planner Product review: I use this for my daily dose of vitamins and it works great.  I have a hard time remembering to take them on the days that they are due, but with this planner I can easily write down when I need to do so!


Product name: DermaH2O WaterWipes Pack Product review: I use these to clean my face after a shower.  They are great for removing makeup and dirt from the skin, but they don't seem to be very effective at cleaning your hands or other parts of your body.


Product name: Nature's First Immune Defense Symbiotics Colostrum Plus, 6.3 oz Powder, (178.6 g) Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me tremendously with my allergies!  I am not sure if the product is helping or hurting but I do know that I feel better when taking it.


Product name: TheraRub Massager® Percussion Double Head Electric Massager, 14 Foot Extra Long Power Cord Product review: I have had this for a few months now and it is still working great.  I use it on my back to help with muscle aches or when I am in bed at night.


Product name: Dr Scholl's Soothing 5 Motor Full Cushion Massager Product review: I have a hard time finding massagers that are comfortable and don't hurt my back.  This one is great! It has the right amount of pressure for me, but not too much or it will be uncomfortable to use.


Product name: Best Raw Green Superfood Powder - Immunity + Energy Booster - Food-grade and Pure Ingredients - Vitamins, Minerals & Antioxidants - Contains Spirulina, Spinach, Maca and Flaxseed By Maple Holistics,30 Servings Product review: I have been using this for a few months now.  I love it!  It is so easy to take with water or juice.


Product name: Natural Woman Progesterone Cream By Products of Nature -2oz Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me tremendously.  I am not pregnant but my periods are much lighter than they were before taking the cream.


Product name: Asion Double Edge Safety Razor Product review: I have been using this razor for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it on my legs, arms, face, etc...and it works great!


Product name: BelOMO 12x Triplet Loupe Magnifier, High-Quality Optical Glass with Anti-Reflection Coating for a Bright, Clear and Color Correct View Product review: I have used this lens on my iPhone 4S.  It is very bright and clear. It does not magnify the screen as much as some other lenses but it works well enough to read text messages or emails without having to look at your phone

Product name: EyeGiene Insta-Warmth REFILLS for Treating Dry Eyes Product review: I have been using these refills since the beginning of this year.  I use them in my eye drops and they work great!


Product name: Professional Rechargeable Oral Irrigator with High Capacity Water Tank by ToiletTree Products. 2nd Generation Version. Product review: This is a great product for the price!  I use it to clean my teeth and gums after brushing, flossing or using mouthwash. It's easy to hold in place while cleaning your teeth.


Product name: Natural Hair Growth Vitamins With Collagen - Advanced Hair, Skin & Nails Support For Men & Women (30 Day Supply of Revadrene) Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me with my hair.  I use it in the morning before work to help keep my head from getting too dry during the day.


Product name: Tired Teddies Natural Sleep Aid for Kids -- 90 Tablets; Low Dose Melatonin for Kids Product review: I have a 2 year old and he is very sensitive to melatonin.  I was looking for something that would help him sleep without the side effects of taking it at night, but this works great!


Product name: Now Foods Zinc Gluconate 50mg Tablets, 250-Count Product review: I have been taking this for a few years now.  I take it with my multivitamin and fish oil daily.


Product name: Vani-Sol 02212EA Professional High Acid Toilet Bowl Cleaner 1 32oz Bottle Product review: I have used this product for years and it works great.  I use it on my toilet bowl, sink, shower, etc...


Product name: Ultimate Daily - 180 tablets Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it works great.  I use it to help me sleep at night, but also as an appetite suppressant during the day when I am hungry or just need something sweet.


Product name: Carlson Labs - The Very Finest Norwegian Fish Oil Omega Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me tremendously.  I am not sure if the fish oil is helping my skin but i do know that it helps with my mood swings, depression, anxiety etc...


Product name: BulkSupplements Pure NAC (N-Acetyl L-Cysteine) Powder Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my allergies.  I take one scoop in the morning, then another at night before bedtime.


Product name: Hazelaid (TM) 8" Baltic Amber Milk & Butter Bracelet (on elastic) Product review: I love this bracelet.  It is very comfortable and easy to wear, but it does not slip off my wrist easily when I am wearing a long sleeve shirt or sweater.


Product name: New Strip Nc Complete Body Cleanser 4 Oz a Covert Labs Concentrated Strength (Grape) Product review: I have been using this for about 2 years now.  I use it every day and love the smell of grapefruit!


Product name: Green Pastures Fermented Cod Liver Oil Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me tremendously.  I am not sure if the reason is because of the cod liver oil or just the fact that my body needs more vitamins, but either way, I will

Product name: Just Potent High Grade Garcinia Cambogia Extract :: 3000mg Per Serving :: 90 Tablets :: Appetite Suppression:: Quality Tested, Quality Assured! Product review: I have been using this product for about a month now and it has helped me lose weight.  I am not sure if the weight loss is due to the garcinian or the fact that I'm eating less calories than usual.


Product name: Shiseido Pure White W For Shiny Skin 270 Tablets NEW Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has really helped my skin.  I use it in the morning after cleansing with water, then apply moisturizer or makeup.


Product name: Naturo Nitro Pre-Workout Decimus, Best Fat Burning Energy Drink with Caffeine, Nitrix Oxide Boosters and Amino Acids, Powerful Pre-workout for Men and Women, 28 Servings, Pink Lemonade Product review: I have been using this product for about a month now.  I like it because of the fact that you can take it before or after your workout.


Product name: Cleanstream Silicone Comfort Nozzle Enema Attachment Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it works great.  I use it with my son's enema bag, which is very convenient.


Product name: MapofBeauty Synthetic Wine Long Wigs Curly Wigs Product review: I have been wearing these for a few months now and they are still in great condition.  I would recommend them to anyone looking for long hair wigs!


Product name: Source Naturals Melatonin 1mg, Orange, 300 Tablets Product review: I have been taking this for a few years now.  I take it at night and wake up feeling refreshed in the morning.


Product name: ProCare Universal Deluxe Rib Belt Product review: I have a very large rib cage and this belt is perfect for me.  I can wear it under my clothes or over them, depending on the weather.


Product name: Duracell Ultra CR2 3v Lithium Photo Battery DL-CR2 4 Pack expires 2024 Product review: I have been using these batteries for years.  They are the best battery on the market and they last forever!


Product name: Best Fat Burners that Work - Liporidex MAX Weight Loss Supplements - Appetite Suppressant Pills Increase Energy, Reduce Belly Fat, Reduce Appetite, and Lose Weight Fast Product review: I have been using this for about a month now.  I am not sure if it is working or not but so far i feel like my energy level has increased.


Product name: Mitchum for Women Roll On, Anti-Perspirant & Deodorant, Powder Fresh Product review: I have been using this product since the beginning of my period.  I use it every day and love how easy it is to apply!


Product name: High Five Nitrile Exam Gloves Product review: These are great for the price.  I have used them a few times and they work well, but I would like to see more padding on the palm of my hand so that it doesn't cut into me when using these gloves.


Product name: Energizer CR2032 3 Volt Lithium Coin Battery 10 Pack (2x5 Pack) In Original Packaging Product review: I have a few of these and they work great.  I use them in my cell phone charger, laptop battery pack, etc...


Product name: Major Curves Butt Enhancement | Enlargement Drops (1 Bottle) Product review: I have been using this product for a few months now and it has helped me to get my butt back into shape.  I am very happy with the results so far!


Product name: Family and Friends CPR Anytime, Light Skin Product review: I have used this product for years.  I use it when my husband is out of town or on vacation to help me stay calm during a panic attack.


Product name: Moobom 12 Frequency Double Love Egg Mute Stronger Vibration Waterproof Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it is great.  I use it to help me sleep at night, but also as an alarm clock when I am running late or need something in the morning.


Product name: GNC Pro Performance AMP Men's Ripped Vitapak Program Supplement, 30 Count Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me lose weight.  I am not sure if the product is working or just my body adjusting to it but so far its helping me out alot!


Product name: DREOW TEETH WHITENING LED Light KIT, 4 XL Carbamide Peroxide Gel Syringes, Remineralizing Syringe, 3 Mouth Trays. Safe and Fast Results – Whitens Teeth Up To 6 Shades in ONLY 2 Days, Removes Coffee, Wine, Tobacco Stains, Dentist Recommended Product Product review: I have been using this for a few weeks now and it has really helped my teeth! It is easy to use and the results are great!!


Product name: Best Taste and No Burps Guaranteed! Triple Power Omega 3 Fish Oil Liquid with Curcumin and Astaxanthin By Algaecal Inc. Triple Strength Fish Oil Supplement (1480 Mg Omega 3 Fatty Acids: 750 Mg EPA and 450 Mg DHA Per Serving). 100% Natural Mango Flavored Emulsion Is Triglyceride Form, Pharmaceutical Grade, and Molecularly Distilled. The Only Product Guaranteed to Increase Blood Omega 3 in 90 Days ( Product review: I have been taking this for a month now and it has helped me tremendously.  I am not sure if the fish oil is helping my depression or just making me feel better but either way i will continue using it.


Product name: PenAgain Original 3 Pack Pens - Red, Blue, Green or Neon Green Product review: I have been using these pens for a few years now.  I use them to write on my computer and they work great!


Product name: Jobst Opaque Closed Toe Knee Highs - 15-20 mmHg Product review: I have been wearing these for a few years now and they are still going strong.  I wear them with my work boots, but also in the summer when it is hot out.


Product name: Combat Source Kill Max Roach Killing Gel, 60 Grams Pack Of 2 Product review: I use this on my dogs and it works great.  I have a large dog that is very aggressive so I need to be careful when using this product but it does the job well!


Product name: WoundSeal Powder, 4 ea Product review: I have used this product for years.  I use it on my wounds and it works great!


Product name: Kirkland Arthritis Pain Acetaminophen Extended-release Tablets, 650 Mg, 400 C... Product review: I have been taking this for years.  I take it every day and never get a headache or any other side effects from the medicine.


Product name: Palmolive Dish Liquid Product review: I use this for my daughter's bath time.  She loves it and so do we!


Product name: US Organic Mosquito Repellent Anti Bug Outdoor Pump Sprays, with USDA Certification and Cruelty Free, Proven results by Lab testing Product review: I have used this for years.  I use it on my dogs when they are outside in the yard or around the house. It works great!


Product name: Rub on Relief [3 oz] - Natural Anti Inflammatory Pain Relief Cream - Fast and Safe Relief from Arthritis, Back Pain, Chronic Aches, Fibromyalgia, Joint Pain, Sore Muscles, Sciatica and More. Product review: I have been using this for a few months now with great results! It is very easy to use and the smell is not overpowering at all.  I would recommend it highly!!


Product name: Bundle - 4 Items - Clipper Lighter "Bad Smiley" Collection Product review: I have a lot of these and they are great for the price.  I use them to clip my nails, cut my hair, etc...


Product name: Essential Medical Supply Three Pocket Accessory Pouch for Bed Rail Product review: I use this to hold my cell phone and a small book.  It is very convenient, but it does not have any pockets or slots so you can't put anything in there that would be too big.


Product name: Sunbeam Xpressheat Heating Pad Product review: I have a very sensitive skin and this pad is great.  I use it on my face, arms, legs, etc...and it works wonders!


Product name: Enzymatic Therapy - Doctor's Choice for Women, 90 Tablets Product review: I have been using this product since it was first released.  I use it to help with my period and cramps during that time of the month.


Product name: Billy 55 Regular Green Tea Cigarettes (Sold by the Carton) Product review: I have been smoking these for a few years now and they are great.  I like that you can smoke them in your car or at work, but not on my porch!


Product name: Diva Cup Diva Cup #2 Post Childbirth Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it is working great.  I am very happy with the product, delivery was fast as well!


Product name: GermGuardian AC5250PT 3-in-1 Air Purifier with Pet Pure True HEPA Filter, UV-C Sanitizer, Captures Allergens, Smoke, Odors, Mold, Dust, Germs, Pets, Smokers, 28-Inch Germ Guardian Air Purifier Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it has been working great.  I am very happy with the purchase!


Product name: Eyekepper Spring Hinge Plastic Reading Glasses (5 Pack) Includes Sunglass Readers Women Product review: I have been using these glasses for a few years now.  They are great to read the newspaper or magazines while walking around town, and they look nice on my face!


Product name: X-14 Mildew Stain Remover, 16 oz-2 pk Product review: I have a lot of mildew on my house.  I use this to remove it and then clean the area with bleach water.


Product name: NORTH COAST ORGANICS Revolver organic deodorant 2.5 Ounce, 0.02 Pound Product review: I love this product! It works great and is very effective at keeping my clothes smelling fresh all day long.  I use it on a daily basis to keep the smell of my gym bag from being overwhelming.


Product name: ProCare Flat Hospital Bed Sheets, White 4pk Product review: These are great for the price.  I have a hospital bed and these fit perfectly on it!  They're soft but not too thin or thick.


Product name: Calendula Cream, 2.5 Ounce Product review: I use this on my face and it works great! It is a little sticky but not too much so you can easily wash off with water or soap.


Product name: Tilex Tile and Grout Pen, 2 Ounce Product review: I have used this product for years.  I use it on my kitchen floor to keep the grime from getting into the carpet.


Product name: Weight Gurus Bluetooth Smart Connected Body Fat Scale with Large Backlit LCD, by Greater Goods Product review: I have been using this scale for a few months now and it is working great.  I weigh myself every morning before work to make sure that my weight stays consistent throughout the day.


Product name: Deep Muscle Relief - 100% Pure, Best Therapeutic Grade Essential Oil - 10ml - Wintergreen, Peppermint, Chamomile Blue, Eucalyptus, Camphor) Product review: I use this oil for my back pain and it works great.  I have been using it for a few months now with no problems at all.


Product name: Garcinia Cambogia *** 100% Pure Garcinia Cambogia Extract with HCA, Extra Strength, 180 Capsules, All Natural Appetite Suppressant, carb blocker, Weight Loss Supplement Product review: I have been using this product for about a month now and it has helped me lose weight.  I am not sure if the weight loss is due to the garcinian or just my diet but either way i feel great!


Product name: Mood Boost - Natural Supplement for Stress and Anxiety Relief - With 5-HTP, Magnesium, Passion Flower, L-Tyrosine and L-Theanine - 60 Vegetarian Capsules Product review: I have been taking this product for about a month now.  I take it before bedtime to help me sleep better at night.


Product name: Suntheanine® L-Theanine 200mg (Double-Strength) in Cold-Pressed Organic Coconut Oil; Non-GMO & Gluten Free - 60 Liquid Softgel, Made in USA Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my anxiety.  I take about 1/2 of the bottle at night before bedtime to help calm myself down.


Product name: Cerkos Toe Straightener Bunion Splint Movable Which Offers Protection and Correction for Feet Affected By Hallux Valgus, Offers Pain Relief and Returns the Foot to Its Natural Shape, Protects and Relieves the Painful Bunion Product review: I have a bunion on my right foot.  I use this every day when I get out of bed in the morning. It is very comfortable and easy to put on/take off.


Product name: 95% Pure Garcinia Cambogia Product review: I have been using this for a few weeks now and it has helped me lose weight.  I am not sure if the product is working or just my will power but so far, it seems to be helping!


Product name: Cleanstream Relax Desensitizing Lube Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it works great.  I use it on my wife's clit, her nipples, and sometimes even the tip of my cock when she is not in the mood to play with herself

Product name: Seat Cushion, Luxfit Premium Coccyx Orthopedic 100% Memory Foam Seat Cushion -(blue) Product review: I have a bad back and this cushion is great.  I use it in the car for my lumbar support as well as on the couch at home.


Product name: Best Prenatal Vitamins For Women by Legacy Nutra,Tablets,60 tablets Product review: I have been taking this for about a month now and it has helped me with my morning sickness.  I am not pregnant but will be soon so I hope that the benefits continue to help!


Product name: Nsstar Breathable Elastic Postpartum Postnatal Recoery Support Girdle Belt Post Pregnancy Belly Waist slimming shaper Wrapper Band Abdomen Abdominal Binder for Women and Maternity Product review: I have been using this product since my first pregnancy.  I love it! It is very comfortable, easy to use and fits well.


Product name: Nature's Plus - Trace-Mins, 4 mg, 180 tablets Product review: I have been taking this for a few years now.  I take it with my morning coffee and it helps me to stay alert during the day.


Product name: Superior Labs TEST WORx Natural Testosterone Booster With Clinically Proven LJ100 and 8 Other Powerful Ingredients Delivers A Noticeable Increase In Energy, Stamina, Recovery and Better Sleep and Mood Product review: I have been using this product for about a month now.  I am very happy with the results so far!  It has helped me to get more energy throughout my day as well as help me sleep better at night.


Product name: Futuro Night Wrist Sleep Support, Adjustable Product review: I have a very small wrist and this is the only thing that has helped me sleep.  I use it at night when my husband goes to bed so he doesn't hear me snoring!


Product name: Eden 9" Multi-Speed Vibrating Personal Massager Big Dildo(Pink) Product review: I love this vibrator.  It is very powerful and the vibrations are great!  I have had it for a few months now, but haven't used it much because of my busy schedule.


Product name: Mefix Self-Adhesive Fabric Tape. Width: 4" (10cm) x 11 yards, Quantity: 1 Roll Product review: I used this to repair a torn seam on my daughter's dress and it worked perfectly!  I would definitely recommend this product for anyone who needs fabric tape in their sewing projects.


Product name: Cottonelle Ultra Comfort Care Toilet Paper, Double Roll Economy Plus Pack, 32 Count Product review: I use this toilet paper for my daughter.  She has a hard time getting it out of the roll and she is very sensitive to smells so we have to be careful when using it.


Product name: Duro-Med Polyfoam Wheelchair Cushion, Poly/Cotton Cover, Navy Product review: I have a wheelchair and this is the best cushion for it.  I use it on my couch at home as well as in my car when traveling.


Product name: Glucosamine Chondroitin, MSM & Turmeric Dietary Supplement - 250 Capsules Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my knee pain.  I would recommend to anyone who is looking for something that will help them out in the long run!


Product name: Due North Foot Rubz Foot Hand and Back Massage Ball Product review: I have been using these for a few years now.  I use them on my feet, legs, back, neck, etc... They are great!


Product name: Bar Keepers Friend Liquid Soft Cleaner Product review: I use this on my bar sink and it works great.  I have a stainless steel sink so the soap doesn't get too hot, but if you don't like to clean your hands with warm water then this is for you!


Product name: Clic Magnetic Reading Glasses in Blue Product review: I have been using these for a few years now.  They are great to read while driving or walking around the house, and they don't fog up like some reading glasses do!


Product name: JO H2O Anal - Original Product review: I have been using this for a few years now.  I use it to clean my hands after working with chemicals and other things that can cause skin irritation, but also as an alternative to soap when I don't want the smell of soap on me

Product name: Relentless Improvement Alpha GPC Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has worked great.  I use it to help with my back pain, but also as an aid in weight loss.


Product name: 2-Pack X-14 Professional Instant Mildew Stain Remover, Trigger Spray 32 oz Product review: I have used this product for years.  I use it on my wood floors and tile flooring in the kitchen/bathroom area. It works great!


Product name: Source Naturals Skin Eternal Serum Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped my skin tremendously.  I use it on the face, neck, chest, arms, legs, etc... It is very moisturizing without being greasy or sticky at

Product name: Natures Bounty Pumpkin Seed Oil 1000 mg Softgels, 100 Count Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me with my skin.  I use it on the face as well as in my hair to help keep it healthy.


Product name: HeadBlade ATX All Terrain Head Razor Product review: I have used this razor for a few years now and it has never failed me.  I use it on my face, legs, arms, etc...and it works great!


Product name: Mdrive Joint UC-II Collagen 40mg with Hyaluronic Acid, Boswellia, Bromelain, and Turmeric for Joint Pain, 30 Count Product review: I have been using this product for about a month now.  I am very satisfied with the results so far!


Product name: NEW Small California White Sage Bundle (Smudge Sticks) Pack of 3 Product review: I love these! They are so easy to use and they smell great.  I have used them for years now, but this is the first time that I've tried smudging with them.


Product name: Source Naturals Niacinamide, 1500mg, 100-Count Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my energy levels.  I take one tablet in the morning before breakfast and another at night after dinner.


Product name: Calily Ultrasonic Essential Oil Diffuser Aromatherapy with Remote Control, Relaxing & Soothing Multi-Color LED Light Product review: I love this diffuser.  It is so quiet and the colors are beautiful!  I use it in my office to help me relax after a long day at work.


Product name: Carex Cane Tips Black 1inch A720 Product review: I have a lot of these and they are great for the price.  I use them to hold my cane in place while walking, but also as a way to keep it from getting lost or stolen.


Product name: Natural Factors - Vitamin C Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my acne.  I am not sure if the vitamin c is helping or just making things worse, but either way its working!


Product name: Colon Cleanser & Detox for Weight Loss. 15 Day Extra Strength Detox Cleanse with Probiotic for Constipation Relief. Pure Colon Detox Pills for Men & Women. Flush Toxins, Boost Energy. Safe & Effective Product review: I have been using this product for about a month now and it has helped me lose weight! It is easy to take and works great!!


Product name: 100% Whey Protein Product review: I have been using this product for a few months now and it has helped me lose weight.  I am not sure if the protein is helping or just making my workout harder but either way, its working!


Product name: Solus V2® Audible Blood Glucose Management System Product review: I have been using this for about a month now and it is working great.  I use the app on my phone to track my blood sugar levels, but when I am at home or in bed with no access to my cellphone, I can

Product name: LENA Menstrual Cup - FDA Registered - Small - Normal Flow - Pink - A Better Period Product review: I have been using this for about a month now.  I love it!  It is easy to use and the price was right, too.


Product name: Philips Sonicare Electric Toothbrush Replacement Brush Heads 6 Generic E Series Advance Cleancare Elite Essence Xtreme Product review: I have been using this brush for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it every day, but only when my toothpaste has run out or if I am in the middle of eating something that needs to be brushed after

Product name: Nature Made Product review: I have been using this for years.  I use it to make my own toothpaste and mouthwash, as well as a lot of other things. It is very easy to mix up the ingredients in your favorite flavor.


Product name: Maybelline Limited Edition Baby Lips Buds - 175 Petal Rebel Product review: I love these lip balms.  They are very moisturizing and the scent is great!  I use them on my lips after a long day of work, or when I'm feeling tired/tired.


Product name: Evlution Nutrition Supplement, Blue Raz, 8.9 Ounce,30 Serving Product review: I have been taking this for a few months now and it has helped me with my weight loss goals! It is very easy to take and the taste isn't too bad either.


Product name: Patchouli 100% Pure, Best Therapeutic Grade Essential Oil Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has helped me with my allergies.  I use it in diffusers to help clear up the air when I am sick or just need some relief from an allergy attack.


Product name: Charmin Ultra Soft Toilet Paper Product review: I have been using this toilet paper for years.  I use it in the bathroom and on my clothes, but now that we are living out of a camper, I can't find any other place to put it!


Product name: Boolavard® TM DRAGONFLY Quartz Fashion Weave Wrap around Leather Bracelet Women Wrist Watch Product review: I love this bracelet.  It is very comfortable and looks great on my wrist!  I have had it for a few months now, but still haven't taken the time to write a full review yet because of how much I like it so

Product name: AKDY 30" Stainless Steel Under Cabinet Kitchen Grease Filters Range hood Product review: I have a Kenmore Dishwasher and this filter is great.  I use it with the grease trap in my kitchen sink, which works well for me.


Product name: Broan 36W in. QP3 Under Cabinet Range Hood Product review: I have a small kitchen and this is the best under cabinet range hood for me! It's quiet, easy to install, and looks great on my counter top.


Product name: Haier HC27SF22RB 2.7 Cubic Feet Refrigerator/Freezer, Black Product review: I bought this for my daughter and she loves it! It is very quiet and efficient. The only thing that would make me give it a 5 star rating is if the ice maker was more powerful so we could get more ice in less time.


Product name: Samsung DD94-01006A Dishwasher Flow Sensor for Samsung Product review: I have a Samsung dishwaser and it has been working fine.  I recently had to replace the sensor because of water damage from my dog, but this one works great!


Product name: NewAir AWC-270E 27-Bottle Compressor Wine Cooler Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it is working great.  I use it to store my wine in the basement, but also keep some of my beer on hand as well.


Product name: KitchenAid 18" TRASH COMPACTOR BAGS 15/ea White 4318938 Product review: I have a lot of trash cans and this is the best.  I use it for all my garbage, recycling, etc...


Product name: Refrigerator Door Lock Kit - NO PADLOCK Product review: I have a refrigerator that has the door lock on it.  I was looking for something to keep my kids from opening the fridge when they are hungry and this works great!


Product name: Danby DAR259BL 2.5-Cu. Ft. Designer Compact All Refrigerator, Black Product review: I bought this for my daughter and she loves it! It is very quiet and easy to use. The shelves are deep enough that you can put a lot of food in there without having to worry about spills or anything falling out.


Product name: SPT UF-304SS Energy Star Upright Freezer, 3.0 Cubic Feet, Stainless Steel Product review: I bought this to replace a refrigerator that was leaking water and had been in the basement for over 2 years.  It is very quiet and efficient. It has a lot of space inside so it can hold more food than my old fridge did.


Product name: Whirlpool Part Number 628366: Module Assembly (Includes Items 29 - 7 & 38) Product review: I have a Kenmore dishwasher and this part was not included.  I had to purchase it from the dealer for $20.00 plus shipping.


Product name: Verona VECTG424SW 23" White Gas Sealed Burner Cooktop Product review: I have had this for about a year now and it has been great.  I use it in my kitchen, but also on the deck when we are having company over.


Product name: SPT UF-214SS Energy Star Upright Freezer, 2.1 Cubic Feet, Stainless Steel Product review: I bought this to replace a refrigerator that was leaking water and had been in the basement for over 10 years.  It is very quiet and efficient. It has an ice maker so you can make your own ice cubes without having to buy them from the

Product name: GE GTS18GTHWW 17.5 Cu. Ft. White Top Freezer Refrigerator Product review: I have had this refrigerator for about a month now and it is working great!  I love the fact that you can see what's in your fridge at all times, even when its not open.


Product name: ( 2 PACK ) PS345113 - DRYER THERMAL FUSE for Whirlpool Kenmore Sears Maytag Roper KitchenAid Amana Admiral and others - Thermofuse located on Blower wheel cover area Product review: I have a KenMORE dryer that has the same problem.  I had to replace it twice in less than 3 years of use, so this is not an option.


Product name: Non-Stick Teflon Coated Food Dehydrator Drying Sheets - 10 Pack - 14" x 14" - Flexible, Reusable - For Use In Excalibur Dryers Product review: I use these for my dehydrators.  They are great to have on hand when you need them and they don't stick around long enough to get sticky!


Product name: Whynter WC-321DD 32 Bottle Dual Temperature Zone Wine Cooler, Stainless Steel Trimmed Glass Door with Black Cabinet Product review: I bought this for my parents and they love it.  It is very easy to use and the temperature settings are great!


Product name: Whynter BWR-401DS Elite 40-Bottle Seamless Stainless Steel Door Dual Zone Built-in Wine Refrigerator Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it is working great.  I am very happy with the purchase, delivery was fast as well!


Product name: GE WNRD2050GWC Commercial 3.6 Cu. Ft. White Top Load Washer - Energy Star Product review: I have had this washer for about a year now and it has been great!  I use it in my apartment, so the noise level is not an issue at all.  It does need to be cleaned out periodically though as there are some

Product name: Whynter Product review: I have a very small space in my kitchen and this is the perfect size for it.  I love that you can put your food on top of it, so no more spills!


Product name: PART # 349241T OR AP3098345 GENUINE FACTORY OEM DRYER DRUM SUPPORT ROLLER KIT FOR WHIRLPOOL KENMORE AND ROPER Product review: I have a Kenmore dryer and this kit works great.  I had to cut the holes in my dryers drum for it to fit, but that was easy enough with a hacksaw.


Product name: Aluminum Mesh Washing Machine Lint Trap, 4362 Product review: I have a very small apartment and this is the best way to get rid of lint.  I use it every day!


Product name: Samsung Guard - Ref Mid Part # Da63-01262B Product review: I have had this guard for a few years now and it has held up well.  I use it on my bike, but also carry it in the car when traveling to work or school.


Product name: PUR DS-1800Z 18 Cup Water Filter Dispenser 18 cup Product review: I have had this for a few years now and it has never failed to work.  I use it in my shower, kitchen sink, and even the toilet.


Product name: Kitchenaid KGCU467VSS Commercial-Style Gas Cooktop Product review: I have had this for about a year now and it has been great.  I use it in my office, but also at home when cooking.


Product name: 20" Freestanding Electric Range with 4 Coil Burners 2.6 cu. ft. Oven Manual Clean and Bottom Broiler Product review: I have had this for about a month now, it is working great!  I love the fact that you can cook on both sides at once without having to flip or turn anything over.


Product name: HOMEIMAGE 27 Bottle DUAL ZONE Thermoelectric Wine Cooler with Wooden Rack HI-27C Product review: I bought this for my parents and they love it.  It is very quiet, easy to use and keeps their wine cool without the need of ice or a refrigerator.


Product name: SmartGuard 2-Year ApplianceProtection Plan ($350-$400) Product review: I have had this for a year now and it has been great.  I use the oven, microwave, toaster, etc...and so far no problems with any of them.


Product name: EdgeStar Portable Stainless Steel Ice Maker Product review: I bought this for my parents and they love it.  It is easy to use, clean up after yourself, and the ice cubes are perfect!


Product name: Broan SP300223 30" Biscuit/Black Reversible Backsplash, Product review: I have a small kitchen and this is the perfect size for me.  I love that it has an easy to clean surface so my counters are not covered in grime or grease.


Product name: Sharp 1.1-Cubic-Foot 850-Watt Over-the-Range Convection Microwaves Product review: I have had this microwave for about a year now and it has been great!  I use it to reheat leftovers, make popcorn, etc... It is very quiet too so you don't hear the popping of your food when cooking.

Product name: Samsung DV42H5400EF 27" Electric Dryer with 7.5 cu. Ft. Capacity, in Merlot Product review: I have had this dryer for about a month now and it is working great!  I love the fact that you can set your own timer to start or stop drying clothes.


Product name: Midea Compact Refrigerator 3.3 CF Product review: I have had this refrigerator for about a month now and it is working great!  I love the fact that you can put your food in the door, close it, then open it up to get ice or water out of the fridge without having to

Product name: 20 Aluminum Foil Round Gas Burner Bib Liners Covers Disposable Wholesale 9" New Product review: I have used these for years.  They are great to keep the burners clean and free of grease, etc.


Product name: New Black Kitchen Rolling Microwave Cart with Power Strip Includes Free Oven Mitt! Product review: I bought this for my daughter and she loves it.  She uses the oven mitt to hold her hot food in place while cooking, so that's a plus.


Product name: Franmara Wine Bottle Tags Paper - 100 per Pack Product review: I use these to make my own labels for wine bottles.  They are a little small, but they work great!


Product name: The Laundry Alternative Miniwash Portable, Compact Mini Washing Machine (Pink) with 3 Year Full Warranty Product review: I have had this for a few months now and it is working great.  I use it to wash my clothes in the washer at home or when we go camping.


Product name: Broil Element for Whirlpool, Maytag, Magic Chef, 74004106, W10201551 Product review: I have had this product for a few years now and it has never failed me.  I use it on my gas grill to sear the outside of fish before cooking them in the oven or broiler.


Product name: Golden Vantage 30" Wall Mount Range Hood Stainless Steel Golden Ductless Hood W/ Touch Control Panel Carbon Filters Included Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it is working great.  I am very happy with the purchase, but would like to see more options in the future.


Product name: Assurant 2-Year Kitchen Appliance Protection Plan ($500-$749.99) Product review: I have a GE Profile refrigerator and it is very easy to install the filter, but you need to be careful not to get any water in there when installing.  I would recommend this product for anyone who has an appliance that needs filters installed.


Product name: GE PHP960SMSS Profile 36" Stainless Steel Electric Induction Cooktop Product review: I have had this cook top for about a year now and it has been great.  I use it almost every day, but the only problem is that sometimes when you turn on the stove or oven, there are some small noises from the motor.

Product name: GE MICROWAVES 1029481 1000W 1.6 cu. ft. Over-The-Ran Microwave Oven, Bisque Product review: I bought this for my daughter and she loves it! It is a little loud but that's what you get with the size of oven. She uses it every day to reheat her lunch or dinner.


Product name: Whirlpool / KitchenAid / Kenmore Capacitor 2169373 Product review: I have a KenMORE refrigerator and it has been working great.  I had to replace the capacitor twice in less than two years, but that was due to normal wear on the part.


Product name: Maytag Dryer Tumbler Bearing Front Glide and Pad 306508 Product review: I have had this for a few years now.  It has held up well, but it is time to replace the bearings.


Product name: Nemco 8024-BW 24 Bun Roll Warmer Product review: I have used this for years.  It is a great product and works well in my kitchen.


Product name: Nachi Front Load Maytag Washer Tub Bearing and Seal Kit Fits Tub W10290562 (5 year replacement warranty and full HD "How To" video included) Product review: I have a Maytac washer that has been leaking for the last 2 years.  I had to replace it twice because of this problem, but now my tub is leak free!


Product name: Amana 3.4-Cubic Foot Traditional Top-Load Washer, NTW4501XQ, White Product review: I have had this washer for about a year now and it has been working great!  I am very happy with the purchase.


Product name: Kitchen Bath Collection HA75-LED Stainless Steel Wall-Mounted Kitchen Range Hood with Tempered Glass Canopy and Touch Screen Panel, 30" Product review: I have had this for about a month now.  It is working great!  I love the touch screen feature to adjust fan speed or turn on/off.


Product name: Defrost Heater for General Electric Hotpoint Wr51x10055 (1, Defrost) Product review: I have had this heater since it was new.  It works great and is easy to install.


Product name: PS2047808 Maytag Admiral Crosley Norge and Magic Chef Clothes Dryer Lint Screen. Left side is 3/8" thick, right side is 5/8" thick Product review: I have a Maytage with the same model number as this one but it has been in service for over 10 years now so I don't know if they are still made by the original manufacturer or not.  I do like that it's easy

Product name: Vinyl Quilted Washing Machine Dryer Cover Zippered Zipper Top Dust Colors New! Product review: I love this cover.  I have a dryer that is not very efficient and it gets hot, so the cover helps keep my clothes from getting wrinkled or smelling bad when they are in there for too long.


Product name: Jade Onlines Building Block Toy Silicone Mini Cube Craft Fondant Mold Tray(send By Random Colour) Product review: I love this mold.  I use it for making fondant and chocolate molds, but also to make my own silicone candy mousses!


Product name: Danby DCF700W1 7.0 cu.ft. Chest Freezer - White Product review: I bought this for my parents and they love it! It is very quiet, easy to use and the temperature settings are great. The only thing that would make me give it a 5 star rating is if there was more space in the freezer compartment so

Product name: Midea WHS-258C1 Single Door Chest Freezer, 7.0 Cubic Feet, White Product review: I bought this for my daughter and she loves it! It is a little smaller than we expected but that's ok with her. She has plenty of room to store all the food items in there as well.


Product name: GE JVM1540SMSS Spacemaker 1.5 Cu. Ft. Stainless Steel Over-the-Range Microwave Product review: I have had this for about a year now and it has worked flawlessly, no problems at all!  I would recommend this to anyone looking for an over the range microwave that is easy to use and clean up after yourself.


Product name: GE GSC3500DWW 24" White Portable Full Console Dishwasher - Energy Star Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it is working great.  I am very happy with the purchase, especially since my old one was not working properly.


Product name: Best Choice Products Electric Commercial Cotton Candy Machine Cart Kit 1000w Floss Maker Store Booth Product review: I have been using this machine for a few years now and it has never failed me.  I use it to make cotton candy, but also other things like marshmallows, popcorn balls, etc...


Product name: Portable Semi-Automatic Electric Air Cloth/Clothes Dryer Product review: I have a small apartment and this is the best dryer for my needs.  I use it in conjunction with an electric clothesline to hang wet items on, which saves me from having to take them out of the washer or dryers.

Product name: Panda Portable Compact Cloths Dryer Apartment Size 110v Stainless Steel Drum Product review: I have a small apartment and this is the best dryer for it.  I use it in my bedroom, but also keep it on hand when we go out to eat or do errands.


Product name: Clothes Fabric Lint Fuzz Pill Remover Sweater Shaver LB-288 Product review: I have a very sensitive skin and this is the best product for removing lint from my clothes.  I use it on all of my clothing, including jeans!


Product name: LG WM3997HWA Ventless 4.3 Cu. Ft. Capacity Steam Washer/Dryer Combination with TurboWash, TrueBalance Anti-Vibration System, NeveRust Stainless Steel Drum, Allergiene Cycle in White Product review: I have had this washer for about a month now and it is working great!  I am very happy with the purchase.


Product name: Nachi Front Load Whirlpool Washer Tub Bearing and Seal Kit Fits Tub W10290562 (5 year replacement warranty and full HD "How To" video included) Product review: I have a front load washer that has been leaking for the last 2 years.  I had to replace it twice because of this problem, but now my tub is leak free!


Product name: AquaFresh WF295 Refrigerator Water Filter Replacement fits Maytag UKF8001 PuriClean II 46-9006 46-9005 UKF8001AXX Product review: I have a Maytage fridge and this filter is great.  I use it with my own water filtration system, but if you don't want to do that then this will work just fine for your needs.


Product name: NEW DESIGN, The Original Dish Nanny Dishwasher Magnet CLEAN DIRTY -Sign Tells Whether Dishes Are Clean or Dirty(Dishwasher Signs With Color Options) Product review: I have a dishwaser that is not working.  I was able to find this magnet and it works great!


Product name: Bosch SHX68TL5UC 24" 800 Series Energy Star Built In Dishwasher with 16 Place Settings 44 dBA Noise Level Touch Control. InfoLight and RacMatic: Stainless Steel with Bar Product review: I have had this dishwaser for about a year now, it is working great!  I am very happy with the purchase.


Product name: Keystone KSTRC44CB Compact Single-Door Refrigerator with Freezer Section, 4.4 Cubic Feet, Black Product review: I bought this for my daughter's room and she loves it! It is very quiet when running so we can sleep without any noise at all. The ice maker works great too.


Product name: LG WT4970CW Wave 4.7 Cu. Ft. White Top Load Washer - Energy Star Product review: I have had this washer for about a month now and it is working great!  I am very happy with the purchase, especially since my old one broke down after only 3 years of use.


Product name: Frigidaire Top Load Washer & GAS Dryer Laundry Set FAHE4044MW_FARG4044MW Product review: I have had this washer for about a year now and it has been great.  I use the dryer as well, but only when needed.


Product name: 1 X Non-Stick Teflon Coated Food Dehydrator Drying Sheets - 5 Pack - 14" x 14" - Flexible, Reusable - For Use In Excalibur and Omega Dryers Product review: I use these for my dehydrators.  They are great to have on hand when you need them!


Product name: Maytag UKF8001, UKF8001AXX, UKF8001-750, 8001P, UKF8001AXXP Compatible Replacement Refrigerator Water Filter Cartridge - Two Genuine KleenWater Can Holders Product review: I have a Kenmore refrigerator and it has been working great.  I was having problems with the water filter so I decided to replace it myself. This is exactly what I needed!


Product name: Samsung WA56H9000AW Energy Star 5.6 Cu. Ft. Top-Load Steam Washer with EZ Reach Design, White Product review: I have had this washer for about a month now and it is working great!  I love the fact that you can easily reach in to wash your clothes without having to bend over or stoop down.


Product name: Frigidaire FGMV175QF 1.7 cu. ft. Over-the-Range Microwave Oven Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it is working great!  I love the fact that you can set your own temperature, but also know if something goes wrong with the oven or microwave itself, there are plenty of parts to fix them

Product name: Broan Allure 36-Inch Under Cabinet Mount Range Hood Product review: I have a small kitchen and this is the perfect size for me.  I love that it has an adjustable fan speed, so you can adjust to your needs.


Product name: 4389144: Fan Motor For Whirlpool Refrigerator Product review: I have a Kenmore refrigerator and this fan is great.  I use it to keep the ice from melting in my freezer, which can be very frustrating when you are trying to make your own iced tea or lemonade!


Product name: SPT IM-600US Stainless Steel Under-Counter Ice Maker, 50-Pound Product review: I have had this ice maker for about a year now.  It works great and is easy to install.


Product name: Whirlpool Stove Knob Kit, 814362 Product review: I have a stove that is not working.  I was able to get the parts and put it back together. It works great now!


Product name: Quirky Tether Stemware Saver - Set of 4 Product review: I have a few glasses and this is the best way to keep them from getting broken.  I use it with my wine glass, but also works great for water or juice as well!


Product name: EdgeStar 43 Qt Portable Compact Refrigerator or Freezer AC/DC Product review: I bought this for my daughter and she loves it.  She has a small kitchen so the size is perfect. It's easy to clean, too!


Product name: Frigidaire cooktop Product review: I have had this for about a year now and it is still working great.  I use the oven to make pizza, lasagna, etc...and it works perfectly!


Product name: Nachi Front Load GE Washer Tub Bearing and Seal Kit Fits Tub WH45X10071 (5 year replacement warranty and full HD "How To" video included) Product review: I have a front load washer that has been leaking for the last 2 years.  I had to replace all of the bearings, seals, etc...and it still leaks!


Product name: Genuine OEM FSP Whirlpool Kenmore Sears Maytag Roper Estate Washing Machine Timer Part # 8542050 Product review: I have a Maytags and it works great.  I just bought this to replace the one that was broken in my washing machine.


Product name: Danby Silhouette 36" Stainless Steel Under-Cabinet  Range Hood Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it is working great.  I am very happy with the purchase, delivery was fast as well!


Product name: Haier HC40SG42SW 4 Cubic Feet Refrigerator/Freezer, White Product review: I have had this refrigerator for about a year now and it is working great.  I am very happy with the purchase.


Product name: PART # 3387223 GENUINE OEM ORIGINAL DRYER MOISTURE SENSOR BAR FOR KENMORE ROPER AND WHIRLPOOL Product review: I have a Kenmore dryer and this works great.  I use it on my Whirlpool as well, but the Kenmores are more expensive than the Whirls.


Product name: Avanti WBV19DZ 19 Bottle Side by Side Wine/Beverage Cooler - Black with Stainless Trim Glass Door Product review: I bought this for my husband who is a big wine drinker.  He loves it and uses it often!  It's easy to clean, holds plenty of ice cubes and has an adjustable temperature control so you can keep your favorite wines at the

Product name: Kenmore Glass Turntable Plate / Tray 9 3/4 Inches G005 Product review: I have a glass top stove and this plate fits perfectly.  I use it to hold my coffee cup, sugar bowl, etc...


Product name: LG LDC24370SW 23.8 Cu. Ft. Smooth White Bottom Freezer Refrigerator - Energy Star Product review: I bought this to replace a refrigerator that was over 10 years old and had been used for storage of food items, but it has not lived up to my expectations.  It is very noisy when running (I have the door open) and does not

Product name: Panda Small Compact Portable Washing Machine Fully Automatic 0.9/1.6/2.1cu.ft Product review: I bought this for my daughter and she loves it! It is very easy to use, has a lot of settings that make washing clothes fun. The only thing we don't like about the machine is how loud it makes when you turn on the water

Product name: Kenmore, Frigidaire and Crosley Front Loader Washer Bearings and Seal Kit 134509510, 134509500, AP3892114 Product review: I have a Kenmores that has been leaking for years.  I replaced the bearings with these and they work great!


Product name: WHIRLPOOL KENMORE ROPER DRYER THERMAL FUSE PART G4AP0401 Product review: I have a Kenmore dryer and this part was not included.  I had to buy it from the store, but at least now my clothes are clean!


Product name: Whirlpool 675186BULK 15" Paper Compactor Bags - 96 Product review: I have a large trash can that is too small for my recycling.  I use this to put the recyclables in and it works great!


Product name: LG WT4870 4.5 Cu. Ft. Ultra Large Capacity Top Load Washer Featuring Powerful StainCare Te, Product review: I have had this washer for about a month now and it is working great!  I love the fact that you can wash your clothes in cold water without having to add any extra detergent or bleach.


Product name: Whynter Energy Star Upright Freezer Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it is working great.  I am very happy with the purchase, delivery was fast as well!


Product name: Samsung 24 In. Stainless Steel Dishwasher - DMT800RHS Product review: I have had this dishwaser for about a year now and it has been working great!  I would recommend this to anyone looking for an affordable, reliable stainless steel dish washer that will last you many years of use.


Product name: PETRA 90-1088 3-Wire Range Cord (10ft; 50A) Product review: I have used this cord for years.  It is a great value and works well with my range hood, oven vent fan, and other appliances in the kitchen.


Product name: Danby DCR016C1BDB Compact Refrigerator/Freezer, 1.6 Cubic Feet, Black Product review: I bought this for my daughter and she loves it! It is very quiet and easy to use. She has a lot of food in her fridge so we can't wait until the next time we go shopping to buy more stuff.


Product name: Kenmore Dryer Parts Drum front Felt seal 5303937139 Product review: I have a Kenmores dryer that has been leaking water for the last year.  I was able to find this part on Amazon and it arrived in perfect condition, exactly as described!


Product name: GE PVM9179SFSS Profile 1.7 Cu. Ft. Stainless Steel Over-the-Range Microwave - Convection Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it is working great!  I love the fact that you can set your own time to cook, so if you are in a hurry or just want something quick, no problem.


Product name: Whirlpool Part Number 74008919: Element (RF) Product review: I have a Kenmore Elite, and this part is not compatible.  I had to return it for another one that was compatible with my machine.


Product name: Broan QS330AA QS3 Series Range Hood Product review: I have a 2007 Ford Escape and this is the best hood fan ever.  I use it for my air conditioning, but also to cool down the car when we go on long trips.


Product name: Gas Range Oven Ignitor for Viking Range replacement for PB040001 Product review: Works great.  I have a gas range and it was easy to install, but I had to use the oven light as an indicator that the igniter is working.


Product name: Panda Small Mini Counter Top Portable Compact Washer Washing Machine 5.5-10lbs Product review: I bought this for my daughter and she loves it! It is very easy to use, clean up after yourself and the water comes out clear. The only thing that would make me give a better rating is if you could get more than one of these

Product name: Broan 30W in. Four Way Flat Under Cabinet Range Hood Product review: I have a small kitchen and this is the best under cabinet range hood for me! It's easy to install, looks great on my counter top, and it works perfectly with my GE Profile refrigerator.


Product name: Nostalgia Electrics Retro Series Compact Refrigerator with Dispenser Product review: I bought this for my son who is a college student.  He loves it and uses it daily!  It's compact, easy to clean, and has great features like the ice maker that makes ice in under 5 minutes.


Product name: Quiet Zone Under Cabinet Range Hood with 260 CFM Product review: I have a small kitchen and this is the best.  I can cook on it without any noise or heat coming out of my oven.


Product name: Somat 5 Tabs Twin Pack - 3 in 1 Dishwasher Salt, Rinse Aid & Detergent (56 tabs) Product review: I use this for my dishwashers.  I have a Samsung and it works great!  It is easy to clean up after using the detergent.


Product name: Bosch 800 Series SHX68T55UC Fully Integrated Built-in Dishwasher 24" in Stainless Steel Product review: I have had this dishwaser for about a year now and it is still working great.  I use the water filter that comes with it, but if you don't want to spend $20 on one then just buy another filter from Amazon or

Product name: Part # 279769 - Thermal Cut-off Kit Includes L350 Fuse and L250 Thermostat. It Can Be Used on Some Models of Whirlpool Dryers Including: Kenmore, Kitchenaid, Roper and Other Brands. Product review: I have a Kenwood dryer that has been working fine for years but the thermostat is not reading correctly so it will run hotter than normal.  I ordered this kit to replace the part and now my dryers are running at their correct

Product name: Whirlpool Part Number W10300924: SEAL, DOOR Product review: I have a Kenmore Elite washer and this part is not available.  I had to buy the part from another company for my washing machine.


Product name: AKDY 30-Inch 3-Speed Stainless Steel Slim Under Cabinet Range Hood AZ-Y0175 Product review: I have a small kitchen and this is the perfect size for me.  I love that it has an adjustable fan speed, so you can adjust to your needs.


Product name: 35001247 Whirlpool Dryer Heating Element for Samsung DC47-00019A Product review: I have a dryer that is over 10 years old.  I replaced the element and it works great!


Product name: Samsung SMH1816 1.8 Cu. Ft. Over the Range Microwave with Sensor Cooking, Product review: I bought this microwave for my wife and she loves it! It is very quiet and easy to use. The only thing that would make me give a 5 star rating is if you could turn off the beep when its done cooking.


Product name: Assurant 2-Year Kitchen Appliance Protection Plan ($125-$149.99) Product review: I have a GE Profile refrigerator and it is very easy to install the filter, but you need to be careful not to get any water in there when installing.  I would recommend this product for anyone who has an appliance that needs filters installed.


Product name: Profile 2.2 cu. ft. Countertop Microwave w/Child Lockout and Extra Large Product review: I have had this for about a month now, it is working great!  I love the fact that you can lock out your child from using the microwave while you are cooking or cleaning up.


Product name: ERP 303373 Drum Roller with Shaft Replaces Maytag Product review: I have a Maytage washer that has been in the house for over 10 years.  I had to replace it because of wear and tear, but this roller is great! It's easy to install and works well.


Product name: Range Knob Set for Whirlpool, Sears, Kenmore, 814362 Product review: I have a Kenwood KDC-9000D and this knob set works great.  I can adjust the volume without having to turn knobs on my TV or stereo.


Product name: WINDMAX 36" Black Electric Tempered Glass Built-in Kitchen 5 Burner Gas Cooktop Product review: I love this cook top.  It is very easy to use and clean up after cooking. It has a lot of space for pots, pans etc.


Product name: Oven Rack Cover - Heat Protection - Up to 450 Degrees - Silicone Sleeves Product review: I have a small oven and this fits perfectly.  I use it for baking, but also as an extra layer of protection when using the broiler or under the grill.


Product name: 240337103 Fridge Crisper Drawer Product review: I bought this for my daughter and she loves it.  She has a lot of food in her fridge so the drawers are always full, but now they have room to store more!


Product name: KOBE Range Hoods Brillia Under Cabinet Range Hood 680 CFM Stainless Steel with LED Lights Product review: I have a small kitchen and this is the best.  I use it for cooking, cleaning, etc... It's quiet enough to not bother my neighbors but loud enough that they can hear me if I need help.


Product name: Assurant 2-Year Kitchen Appliance Protection Plan ($175-$199.99) Product review: I have a GE Profile refrigerator and it is very easy to install the filter, but you need to be careful not to get any water in there when installing.  I would recommend this product for anyone who has an appliance that needs filters installed.


Product name: Universal Low Baking Rack for Microwave / Convection Ovens Product review: I have a microwave oven that is not very big.  I use this rack to hold my baking sheets and it works great!


Product name: LG WT5070CWWave 4.7 Cu. Ft. White Top Load Washer - Energy Star Product review: I have had this washer for about a month now and it is working great!  I am very happy with the purchase, especially since my old one broke down after only 3 years of use.


Product name: 14.5" W 27 lb. Portable Ice Maker Finish: White Product review: I bought this for my parents and they love it! It is easy to use, makes ice quickly and the water dispenser works great.  I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a good quality portable ice maker that will last long term.

Product name: Replacement Bake Element for General Electric & Hotpoint Ranges WB44X10016 Product review: I have a GE oven that has been working great.  I was looking to replace the element and this is what I found at my local appliance store.


Product name: 33001808 - NEW DRYER LINT SCREEN FOR MAYTAG WHIRLPOOL KENMORE AND MORE Product review: I have a Kenmore dryer and this screen is great.  I use it on my Maytag, too!


Product name: Liebherr CS1360 13.0 Cu. Ft. Stainless Steel Counter Depth Bottom Freezer Refrigerator - Energy Star Product review: I bought this to replace a refrigerator that was over 10 years old and had been used for storage of food items, but it has not lived up to my expectations.  It is very noisy when running (I have the door open) and does not

Product name: Haier HC45SG42SV 4.5 Cubic Feet Refrigerator/Freezer, White Interior, VCM Door Product review: I bought this for my daughter and she loves it! It is very quiet and efficient. The only thing that would make me give a 5 star rating is if the door was more easily opened than now.


Product name: The Laundry POD, Green Product review: I have a small apartment and this is the perfect size for my laundry.  I love that it has an adjustable shelf so you can fit your clothes in without having to take them out of their bags!


Product name: Maytag Maxima XL Front Load Steam Washer and Steam Dryer SET (Electric Dryer) in White Product review: I have had this for about a year now.  It is great, but the dryer does not work as well as my old one did.


Product name: 5.7 X 28 Range Brass Product review: I have a lot of brass and this is the best way to store it, easy to find what you need when needed.  I use it for my small collection of antique tools that are too big or heavy for storage in a box.


Product name: Certified Appliance 90-1028 3-wire Dryer Cord (10ft) Product review: I have a Kenmore dryer and this is the cord that came with it.  It works great, but if you are looking for something longer than 10 feet then look elsewhere.


Product name: RCP0801 Activated Carbon Metal Mesh Filter Product review: I have used this filter for about a year now and it has been working great.  I use it in my water filtration system to remove chlorine, chloramines, etc from the water.


Product name: KitchenAid Architect Series II KDRS505XSS 30 Freestanding Dual-Fuel Double Oven Range, Self Clean Product review: I have had this range for about a year now and it is still going strong.  I use it almost every day to make my favorite meals.


Product name: Frigidaire F30WR01E 30" Re-Circulating Overhead Range Hood with 2 Fan Speeds and 6.54 Sones, Product review: I have had this for a few months now and it is working great!  I am very happy to see that the price has dropped from $200+ to around $100.


Product name: Wine Enthusiast Silent 18 Bottle Two-Temp Touchscreen Wine Refrigerator Product review: I love this wine fridge.  It is very quiet and easy to use, but it does not have a lot of storage space for my collection.


Product name: GE PNM9196SFSS Profile 1.9 Cu. Ft. Stainless Steel Over-the-Range Microwave Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it is working great!  I love the fact that you can set your own time to cook, so if you are in a hurry or just want something quick, no problem.


Product name: Samsung NX58F5500SS Stainless Steel Freestanding Gas Range, 5.8 Cubic Feet Product review: I have had this range for about a month now and it is working great!  I love the stainless steel finish on my kitchen countertop.  It looks very nice with all of our other appliances.


Product name: NEW Replacement Part - Kenmore Washer Clutch Kit Part# 285785 Product review: Works great.  I have a Kenmores with the same part number and it works fine on my machine as well.


Product name: Jenn-Air A341 Range Grill Grate Cover for Jenn-Air Product review: I have a Jenn Air range and this cover is great.  I use it on my gas grill as well, but the stainless steel looks nice too!


Product name: Samsung Tray Ice Part # Da63-02284A Product review: I have a Samsung refrigerator and it has been working great.  I was looking for an ice maker that would fit in the freezer area of my fridge, but this one fits perfectly!


Product name: Koldfront TWR327ESS Bottle Free Standing Dual Zone Wine Cooler Product review: I love this wine cooler.  It is very easy to install and works great!  I have it in my basement, but would be happy if it was on the patio or deck as well.


Product name: Washing Machine Cover - 30"W X 23"D X 36"H 6" Back Ledge Product review: I have a Samsung washer and this cover fits perfectly.  I use it to keep the water out of my clothes when washing them, but also keeps the dirt from getting into the machine.


Product name: FGGF3032MF Gallery Series 30" Wide Freestanding Gas Range 5 Sealed Burners Easy Temperature Probe Express-Select Controls One-Touch Self Clean: Stainless Product review: I have had this range for about a year now and it is still going strong.  I use it almost every day, but only when the weather permits.


Product name: Chest Freezer Lock - White Product review: I have a chest freezer and this is the best way to keep it locked.  I use it for my ice cream, frozen yogurt, etc...


Product name: Whirlpool Part Number W10207749: MOTOR, SYNCHRONOUS Product review: I have a Kenmore washer and it has the same motor.  I bought this to replace my old one that died after about 2 years of use. It works great!


Product name: 33001777 AND 6-3700340 - Maytag Whirlpool Amana Admiral Dryer Belt and Idler Wheel Bearing Kit (OEM FACTORY PARTS!!! NOT Generic Replacement) Product review: I have a Maytage dryer that has been in for over 10 years.  I had to replace the belt twice, but it was worth every penny!


Product name: 12v 6w Light Bulb Ge Fridge Water/ice Compartment Product review: I have a fridge that is not working.  I was able to fix it by replacing the thermostat and water pump, but now my ice maker won't work anymore.


Product name: Samsung 4.2 cu. ft. High-Efficiency Top-Load Washer - White Product review: I have had this washer for about a month now and it is working great!  I am very happy with the purchase, especially since my old one broke down after only 3 months of use.


Product name: Whirlpool Washer Motor Coupling # 285753A Product review: I have a Kenmore washer and it has the same motor.  I had to replace this one because of water leaks in my basement.


Product name: Universal Crevice Tool Flexible 24" 1 1/4 (32-1830-03) Product review: I have used this tool for years.  I use it to clean out the crevices in my car and truck, as well as other places around the house.


Product name: Shih Tzu Dishwasher Magnet Product review: I have a small dishwaser and this magnet is perfect for it.  I use it to keep my dog's food in the fridge, so he can't get at it when we are not home!


Product name: Danby DCF072A2 7.2 Cu. Ft. Chest Freezer, Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it is working great!  I am very happy with the purchase.


Product name: Danby Designer 3.3 cu.ft. Compact Refrigerator, Black/ Spotless Steel Product review: I bought this for my daughter's room and she loves it! It is very quiet and efficient in keeping her food cold. The only thing that would make me give a 5 star rating is if the ice maker was more powerful so we could get more

Product name: Panda Small Compact Portable Washing Machine with Spin Dryer Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it is working great.  I use the dryer to wash my clothes, then put them in the washer when they are clean enough.


Product name: Thermos Nissan Stainless Steel Food Jar (16-Oz) Product review: I use this for my lunch and it is great.  I have a small thermos that holds about 2 cups of soup or juice, but the food jar makes me feel like I am eating out more often!


Product name: AKDY 30" Stainless Steel Wall Mount LED Touch Control Range Hood AZ-63175D-BK Product review: I have a small house and this is the perfect size for my needs.  I can open it up to let fresh air in or close it down when not needed.


Product name: Whirlpool Part Number W10285179: CONTROL, ELECTRON Product review: I have a Kenmore Elite washer and it has the same part number.  I just bought this for my new Samsung front load washers.


Product name: Builder's Best 100017 4"X8´ CLEAR DUCT Product review: I have used this for a few years now.  It is the best way to clean out my dryer vent and it works great!


Product name: Wago 222-415 LEVER-NUTS 5 Conductor Compact Connectors 100 PK Product review: I have a lot of these and they work great.  I use them to connect my car stereo, iPod, etc.


Product name: KleenWater KW101 Compatible O-rings for Whirlpool WHKF-DWHBB, WHKF-DWHBB & American Plumber W10-PR, Replacement O-rings, Set of 3 Product review: I have a Kenmore Dishwasher and the o rings are not compatible with it.  I had to buy new ones from Amazon.


Product name: Frigidaire FFLG1011MW 5.5 Cu. Ft. White Gas Washer/Dryer Combo Product review: I have had this washer for about a year now and it has been great!  I use the dryer as well, so far no problems with that one either.


Product name: Sanyo Microwave Glass Turntable Plate / Tray 12 3/8 in P34 Product review: I love this plate.  It is very sturdy and easy to clean up after use. It fits perfectly on my microwave, so it doesn't get knocked off when the door opens or closes.


Product name: Broan 42W in. QP1 Under Cabinet Range Hood Product review: I have a small kitchen and this is the best under cabinet range hood for me! It's quiet, easy to install, and looks great on my counter top.


Product name: U-Line 402 Ice Maker Assembly Kit Product review: I have a Uline ice maker and it is not working.  I had to take the whole thing apart, clean out all of the gunk that was in there, then put everything back together again.


Product name: Whirlpool Part Number W10219462: Control Board Product review: I have a Kenmore Elite washer and this part is not available.  I had to buy the part from another company, but it works great!


Product name: Indoor Lint Trap Filter with 8' Hose & Clamps Product review: I have a small dog and this is the best way to keep her from chewing on my clothes.  I use it in our laundry room, but if you don't want your pet to chew up your clothes then this will work great for you

Product name: LG WT1101 4.3 Cu. Ft. Ultra Large Capacity High Efficiency Top Load Washer with SlamProof, Product review: I have had this washer for about a month now and it is working great!  I am very happy with the purchase.


Product name: Whirlpool WTW4950XW 3.6 Cu. Ft. White Top Load Washer - Energy Star Product review: I have had this washer for about a year now and it has been great!  I use the extra large tub to wash my clothes in, but if you are looking for something smaller then go with the regular size.


Product name: Allavino MWR-1681-BR 170 Bottle Single Zone Black Wine Cellar Refrigerator Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it is working great.  I am very happy with the purchase, especially since it was on sale!


Product name: LG LFX32945ST 32.0 Cu. Ft. Stainless Steel French Door Refrigerator - Energy Star Product review: I bought this for my daughter's room and she loves it! It is very quiet, easy to clean and looks great in her bedroom.  I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a new refrigerator.


Product name: Whirlpool WFW95HEDW Duet 4.5 Cu. Ft. White Stackable With Steam Cycle Front Load Washer - Energy Star Product review: I have had this washer for about a year now and it has been great!  I use the front load only, but it is very quiet and efficient.  It does not get hot enough to be uncomfortable in my opinion.


Product name: EdgeStar 18" Built-In Dishwasher - White Product review: I have had this dishwaser for about a year now and it is still working great.  I use the water filter that comes with it, but if you don't want to spend money on one then just buy a cheap plastic one from Walmart

Product name: Green Filter for Whirlpool 8212491 NSF Certified Refrigerator Water Filter, Certified Green, Made in North America 3 Pack Product review: I have a Kenmore refrigerator and this filter works great.  I use it on my fridge as well as the freezer.


Product name: Whirlpool Part Number 9708176: Planetary (Onyx Black) Product review: I have a Kenmore Elite, and this is the exact same part.  I had to order it from Amazon because they don't carry it in stores.


Product name: Generic Mini USB Fridge (RED) Product review: I bought this for my daughter who is a college student.  She loves it and uses it all the time!  It's easy to clean, holds ice well, and keeps food cold.


Product name: NuWave Precision Induction Cooktop with Cookware Set Product review: I have had this for about a year now and it is still working great.  I use the induction cook top on my stove, but also use it in the microwave as well.


Product name: EdgeStar Large Capacity Portable Countertop Ice Maker Product review: I have had this ice maker for about a year now and it has been working great.  I use the ice in my coffee, tea, water bottles etc...and also to make iced drinks at home.


Product name: General Electric JVM3670WF: GE Profile Spacemaker &reg; XL 1800 36" Microwave Oven Product review: I have had this for about a year now and it is still working great.  I use it to cook my food, reheat leftovers from the fridge or microwave them in the oven if they are too hot.


Product name: A wonderful gift Digital LED Projector Laser Projection Alarm Clock Temperature Sensor Black Product review: I bought this for my son who is a big fan of the Star Wars movies.  He loves it and uses it every day!


Product name: GE JP328SKSS 30 Electric Cooktop - Stainless Steel Product review: I have had this for about a year now and it has been great.  I use it to cook my food, but also as an oven when needed.


Product name: LG LMXS30746S French Door Refrigerator with 30 Cu. Ft. Capacity, in Stainless Steel Product review: I bought this for my daughter's room and she loves it! It is very quiet and the ice maker works great. The only thing that could be better would be if there was a little more space to store things like milk or juice bottles.


Product name: 2016 Life Water Ionizer Next Generation M9 Counter-top Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it is working great.  I use the water ionizer to make my own saltwater, which has been very helpful in keeping me hydrated during long workouts.


Product name: LG LFX31925ST Super Capacity 3 French Door Refrigerator, Product review: I have had this refrigerator for about a month now and it is working great.  I am very happy with the purchase.


Product name: Electric Double Wall Oven with Precision Cooking System Finish: White Product review: I have had this oven for about a year now and it has been great.  I use it to cook my chicken, fish, steaks etc...and the results are always good!


Product name: Whirlpool Kenmore Dryer Heating Element and Thermostat Combo Pack 1 ea. of 279838, 279816, 3387134, 3392519 Product review: I have a dryer that is over 10 years old.  I was looking for an upgrade to the heating element but this one does not fit my model number.


Product name: Versonel SPP155BDSS Smart+ Freestand Full Keg Kegerator Beer-Meister Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it has been great.  I use it to keep my beer cold while at home, but also when we go out on the town.


Product name: Avanti Avanti MO7082MB Rotary Dial 700-watt Microwave, 0.7 Cubic Feet, Black Product review: I bought this microwave for my daughter and she loves it! It is very easy to use and clean up after cooking.  I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a new one.


Product name: Freezer Meter Frozen Food Safety in Seconds Product review: I have a freezer that is not working properly.  I was able to get the temperature reading on my ice maker and it read -1 degrees Fahrenheit, which means it's frozen solid!


Product name: Whynter WC-211DZ 21 Bottle Dual Temperature Zone Wine Cooler, Stainless Steel Trimmed Glass Door with Black Cabinet Product review: I have had this wine cooler for about a year now and it is still working great.  I use it to store my red wines in the summer months when they are too hot to drink them straight out of the bottle.


Product name: Broan/Nutone Bath Fan & Blower Wheel (BP50) Product review: I have a small bathroom and this fan is great.  I can't believe how quiet it is!


Product name: Sharp Microwave Glass Turntable Plate / Tray NTNT-A117WREZ Product review: I have had this for a few years now and it still works great.  I use it to hold my glassware in the microwave, but also as an extra place holder when making coffee or tea.


Product name: Assurant 2-Year Kitchen Appliance Protection Plan ($50-$74.99) Product review: I have a GE Profile refrigerator and it is very easy to install the filter, but you need to be careful not to get any water in there when installing.  I would recommend this product for anyone who has an appliance that needs filters installed.


Product name: Broan 893004 Contemporary Under-Cabinet Range Hood Product review: I have a small kitchen and this is the perfect size for my needs.  I love that it has an adjustable fan speed, so you can adjust to your cooking needs without having to turn on the oven or stove.


Product name: Easy Dry- Portable Clothes Dryer Product review: I have a small apartment and this is the best dryer for my needs.  I use it to wash clothes, hang them up on the line or in the closet.


Product name: Broan Model BPS1FA30 Range Hood Filter - 11-3/4" X 14-1/4" X 3/8" Product review: I have a Broans range hood and it is great.  I use the filter on my broan, but also use this one for my GE.


Product name: Magic Chef Microwave Glass Turntable Plate / Tray 12 3/4" 441X Product review: I love this plate.  I use it for my microwave and oven, but also as a serving tray when entertaining guests. It is sturdy enough to hold the food without falling over or sliding around on your counter top.


Product name: LG LSC22991ST Counter Depth Side-by-Side Refrigerator, 21.6 Cubic Feet, Stainless Steel Product review: I bought this for my daughter and she loves it! It is very quiet and easy to use. The shelves are deep enough that you can store a lot of food in them without having to worry about spills or crumbs falling on the floor.

Product name: Omega National Signature Series 30 inch W Arched Red Oak Wall Chimney Range Hood, 260-650 CFM Product review: I have a small house and this is the perfect size for my needs.  I love that it has an adjustable air filter so you can adjust to your needs as well.


Product name: LG  Over The Range Microwaves Product review: I have had this microwave for about a year now and it is still working great.  I use it to reheat leftovers, make coffee or tea, etc...


Product name: GE WHRE5550KWW 27 4.1 cu. ft. Top-Load Washer - White Product review: I have had this washer for about a year now and it has been great!  I use it to wash my clothes, but also as an extra dryer in the basement when we are not using our main one.


Product name: DA29-00020B, DA29-00020A, HAF-CIN Alternative Replacement Refrigerator Water Filter Cartridge Product review: I have a Kenmore refrigerator and it has been working great.  I was looking for an alternative to the original filter that came with my fridge but this one works just as well.


Product name: Broan RM533004 Elite Rangemaster Range Hood Product review: I have a very large kitchen and this hood is perfect for the space.  It's easy to install, looks great in my kitchen, and works well with our range.


Product name: SAMSUNG NE58H9950WS Slide-In Electric Range, 31-Inch, Stainless Steel Product review: I have had this range for about a year now and it has been great.  I use the oven to make pizza dough every week or so.


Product name: AKDY 30" Under Cabinet Stainless Steel LED Display Touch Control Panel Kitchen Vent Fan Range Hood & Remote Control Product review: I have a vent fan in my kitchen and it works great.  I use the remote control to turn on/off, but this is much easier than having to go into the room with the fan running.


Product name: Excel tankless gas water heater 1.6 gpm LPG PROPANE GAS Ventfree VENT FREE Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it is working great!  I am very happy with the purchase, delivery time was fast as well.


Product name: Broan F402401 Two-Speed Four-Way Convertible Range Hood Product review: I have a 2007 Ford Escape and this is the best hood fan ever.  I use it in my car, at home, on the boat, etc... It's quiet, efficient, easy to install/remove, and looks great!


Product name: Golden Vantage 30" Under Cabinet Stainless Steel Range Hood GV-R01-75 With Baffle Filter Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it is working great.  I am very happy with the purchase, but would like to see more reviews on Amazon as well.


Product name: U-Line 1075BEVS15 24&quot; Beverage Center with 65 Can Capacity, 16 Beverage Bottle Capacity, Product review: I have a small kitchen and this fits perfectly.  I use it for my coffee maker as well as the water filter.


Product name: AKDY New 36" Euro Style AZ-SG-10B7-36-WHT Wall Mount Range Hood Stove Vent Unique White Chrome Finish Stainless Steel/W Full Front WHT Tempered Glass Touch Panel Remote Control Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it is working great.  I am very happy with the purchase, but would like to see more options in the future.


Product name: NewAir WCD-110SS Hot and Cold Water Cooler, Silver Product review: I have had this for about a month now.  It is working great so far!  I am very happy with it.


Product name: Marvel 30" Refrigerator Drawers, Overlay w/ black cabinet Product review: I have a small kitchen and this is the perfect size for my needs.  I can fit everything in it without having to worry about getting anything out of the way when I need something.


Product name: Bosch NIT5066UC 500 30" Black Electric Induction Cooktop Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it is working great.  I am very happy with the purchase, delivery was fast as well!


Product name: 31.6 cu. ft. French Door Refrigerator With High-Efficiency LED Lighting Twin Cooling Plus System Surround Air Flow CoolTight Door Water Filter & In Stainless Product review: I have had this refrigerator for about a year now and it has been great!  I love the fact that you can see what is in your fridge at all times, even when its not open.


Product name: GE Profile PT960SRSS Product review: I have had this for a few years now and it has been great.  I use it to heat my water in the morning, then pour into my coffee maker or microwave.


Product name: LG LFC24770SW 24.0 Cu. Ft. Smooth White French Door Refrigerator - Energy Star Product review: I bought this for my daughter's room and she loves it! It is very quiet, easy to clean and looks great in her bedroom.  I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a new refrigerator.


Product name: 316413800 BAKE ELEMENT REPAIR PART FOR ELECTROLUX, MAYTAG, KENMORE, WHIRLPOOL AND MORE Product review: I have a Kenmore Elite stove and it has been working great for years.  I had to replace the burner assembly twice in that time frame because of wear on the burners.


Product name: Whynter MRF-310DB 3.1 Cubic Feet Energy Star Stainless Steel Compact Refrigerator/Freezer Product review: I have had this refrigerator for about a month now and it is working great!  I love the fact that you can see what's inside without opening doors or drawers.


Product name: Whirlpool Part Number 2304235K W10321304 : Door bin Product review: I have a similar door bin, but it is not as sturdy.  I had to replace the plastic hinges with metal ones and now my doors are more secure.


Product name: Z Line 695-28 Deep Stainless Steel Range Hood Insert Product review: I have a stainless steel hood and this fits perfectly.  I was able to install it in less than 10 minutes with no tools required.


Product name: Danby DWC283BLS 3.5-Cu.Ft. 30-Bottle Free-Standing Wine Cooler, Black/Stainless Product review: I have had this wine cooler for about a year now and it has been great!  I use it to store my red wines in the summer months when they are too hot outside.


Product name: Maytag MEW6530DDS 30 Electric Single Wall Oven - Stainless Steel Product review: I bought this oven for my daughter's birthday.  She loves it and uses it every day!  It is very easy to use, clean up after cooking with ease.


Product name: WB16K10026 Gas Range Double Burner for GE WB29K17 WB16K10003 AP2633210 Product review: I have had this range for about a year now and it has been great.  I use the gas stove most of the time, but when we do cook on electric, I like to be able to turn off the burners if needed.


Product name: Broan 523001 Under-Cabinet Range Hood Product review: I have a small kitchen and this is the best.  I can open it up to get more air, but not too much as that would be noisy for my family.


Product name: Vinotemp Thermo-Electric Digital 18-Bottle Wine Chiller Product review: I have a wine cooler that works great.  I use it to keep my red wines cold and the white ones warm, but this is much more convenient than having two coolers.


Product name: Speed Queen ADE4BRG 27'' Electric Dryer 7.0 cu. ft. Capacity Product review: I have had this dryer for about a year now and it has been great!  I use the extra large setting to get my clothes clean, but if you are looking for something that is quiet then go with the regular settings.


Product name: PS1570070 - (2PACK) 2 NEW CLOTHES DRYER COMPLETE DRUM SUPPORT ROLLER KIT ASSEMBLY WITH WASHERS AND SHAFT FOR MAYTAG WHIRLPOOL AND MORE Product review: I have a Maytag and this kit works great.  I use it to dry my clothes after washing them in the washer, but also for drying towels on the line when they are not being used as hand towels or washcloths.


Product name: CG Propane Cabinet Heater CG Propane Cabinet Heater Product review: I have had this for about a year now and it has worked great.  I use it to heat my propane tank, which is located in the garage.


Product name: Maytag Bravos Series MVWB850WL 28 5 cu. Ft. Top-Loader Washer - Lunar Silver Product review: I have had this washer for about a month now and it is working great!  I am very happy with the purchase, delivery time, and price.


Product name: GE GDF570SGFCC 24" Bisque Full Console Dishwasher - Energy Star Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it is working great.  I am very happy with the purchase, especially since my old dish washer broke down after only 3 years of use!


Product name: Innolife Quiet Non-ticking Silent Quartz Analog Retro Vintage Bedside Twin Bell Alarm Clock With Loud Alarm and Nightlight Product review: I love this clock.  It is very loud, but it does the job of waking me up in a timely manner when my wife needs to get ready for work or school.


Product name: The Original Sleep Defense System - Waterproof / Bed Bug / Dust Mite Proof - PREMIUM Zippered Pillow Encasement & Hypoallergenic Protector, Set of 2 Product review: I have been using these for a few years now and they are still going strong.  I use them in my bed at night to keep the dust mites out as well as other allergens from getting into our beds.


Product name: Bionaire BW2300 Twin Window Fan with Remote Control Product review: I have a small window in my bathroom and this fan is great.  I can control it from the outside of the house, so no more running around to turn on/off the fan when I need it!


Product name: EK Success Brands Disney Frame a Name Scrapbook, Classic Pooh Product review: I love this! It is so cute and the quality of it is great.  I use it for my son's school pictures as well as his birthday party pics.


Product name: Iron Tube Coat Rack with Umbrella Holder by Poundex Product review: I use this for my ironing board.  It is a great way to keep the iron and other items off of your floor, but it does not hold up well if you have more than one person using it at once.


Product name: Vintage Engravings Bat Clingancourt Tea Towel Product review: I love this tea towel.  I use it to dry my hands after washing them and then put on a pair of gloves for the rest of the day.


Product name: Qich® 10 Bags Magic Water Gel Crystal Soil Beads Growing Jelly Ball Product review: I have a small garden and this is the best way to keep it looking nice.  I use these in my vegetable beds, flowerbeds, and even on top of my deck for decoration!


Product name: Cotton Craft - 2 Piece Bath Rug Set - New Scroll with Spray Latex back - Colors - Sage Chocolate, Ivory Azure Blue, Chocolate Spa Blue and Ivory Linen - 100% Pure Cotton - High Quality - Super Soft and Plush - Hand Tufted Heavy Weight Durable Construction - Larger Rug is 21x32 Oblong and Second rug is Contour 21x20 - Other Styles available - Large Scroll, Greek Key, Palm Tree, Grid Stripe, Solid R Product review: I love this rug.  It's a great size for my bathroom floor. It has the look of real wood but it doesn't have any smell or dirt to it at all!


Product name: Craft Wrap (TM) Plaster of Paris Embedded Cloth - Single Bandage Roll - 4in x 15ft Product review: I have used this product for years.  I use it on my knees, ankles and elbows when they are swollen or sore from arthritis. It works great!


Product name: Darice Battery Operated Brass Base Candle Lamp Product review: I love this lamp.  It is a great addition to my bathroom and makes it look so much more elegant than the plain white lightbulb that was there before!


Product name: Equity by La Crosse 70904 Soft Purple Cube LCD Alarm Clock Product review: I have had this for a few years now and it still works great.  I use the alarm feature to wake me up in the morning, but also as an extra clock on my desk at work.


Product name: Madeira Rayon Thread Sampler-18 Spools [Office Product] Product review: I use this to make my own thread for embroidery.  It is a great tool and makes the process much easier than using hand tools or sewing machines.


Product name: Martin/ F. Weber Bob Ross Master Paint Set Product review: I have been using this paint for years and it is still going strong!  I use it on my walls, furniture, etc... It's a great product that works well with any project you want to do.


Product name: Elgin 2-Inch LCD Multifunction Display Alarm with Smartlite Product review: I have had this alarm for about a year now and it has been great.  I use the clock function to wake me up in the morning, but also as an alarm when I am not home or at work.


Product name: InterDesign Water-Repellent and Mildew-Resistant Fabric Shower Curtain, 108" X 72" - Extra Wide, Black Product review: I have a shower curtain that is not waterproof.  I was looking for something to replace it with but this one works great!


Product name: Full-Size U.S. Navy Mark V Copper & Brass Diving Helmet Replica with Wooden Base Product review: I bought this helmet for my son who is a diver and he loves it! He has been diving since the age of 3, so we know how much fun it can be to dive in such an awesome looking helmet!!


Product name: Bowl Stand, Large, Aluminum. Product review: I have a large bowl that is too big for my sink and this stand makes it easy to put in the dishwasher or wash machine without having to move anything around.  It's sturdy enough so you don't need to worry about breaking your

Product name: The Last Lid Fabric Trash Can Lid Product review: I have a trash can that is not very big.  I use it for my recycling and the lid does not fit well on top of the can, so when I put in recyclables they fall out.


Product name: Coromose® Set Automatic Lazy Toothpaste Dispenser 5 Toothbrush Holder Wall Mount Product review: I have a small bathroom and this is the perfect size for me.  I use it every day, even when my husband isn't around!


Product name: St. Dymphna Patron Saint Statue - 3.5" - Ceramic Painted Product review: I love this statue! It is so cute and the colors are vibrant, just like my daughter's room. The only thing that would make it better for me is if she could sit on top of it instead of standing next to it.


Product name: Mr. Heater MH18B, Portable Propane Heater Product review: I have a small apartment and this is the best way to heat my house up in the winter time! It's easy to use and it heats quickly.  I would recommend this product for anyone who has an apartment or condo with limited space

Product name: 3 Pk. Over the Door Laundry Bag Mesh Hanging W/hook 45x75cm - Girl Colors (Colors May Vary) Product review: I bought this for my daughter and she loves it! She uses it to hang her clothes in the closet, so that they are easy to find when she needs them. It is a great size too.


Product name: CafePress - Marijuana Leaf Apron - 100% Cotton Kitchen Apron with Pockets, Perfect Grilling Apron or Baking Apron Product review: I love this apron.  I use it for my husband and myself when we are cooking at home. It is very comfortable to wear while working in the kitchen!


Product name: Deco 79 Bamboo Lacquer Vase, 7 by 21-Inch Product review: I love this vase.  It is a great size and the color is beautiful!  I have it on my desk at work so that when I need to get some water or coffee out of the fridge, I can just reach in there with

Product name: Air Conditioner Insulators Product review: I have a small house and this is the best way to keep my air conditioner from freezing up.  I use it in the summer when we are outside, but also during the winter when its too cold for me to go out.


Product name: kilofly Purse Hook [Set of 6] - Foldable, with kilofly Pouch Product review: I use these for my purse and they are great.  I have a small handbag that is too big to fit in the pocket on my backpack so this makes it easy to carry around without having to worry about losing something!


Product name: Choisem Baking Boss Adult Apron White 35" L x 21" W Product review: I love this apron.  I use it for my baking and cooking, but also as a cover when I'm taking pictures of food or making videos on YouTube!


Product name: Superior Essentials Digital Clock and Calendar - 8 inch Product review: I love this clock.  It is very easy to read, has a nice design, and the time is accurate!


Product name: 2 Wedding Rhinestone Shoe Decals Stickers - "I Do" & "Me Too" UO0034 Product review: I used these for my daughter's wedding.  They were a hit with the guests and she loved them!


Product name: PEPPERLONELY Brand 80 Yard/Roll Holographic Faceted Sequin Trim Product review: I love this product.  I use it on my wedding dress and it looks great!


Product name: E-MART Totoro Shape Pillow with LED Colorful Light, Grey Product review: I love this pillow.  It is soft and comfortable to sleep on at night. It has a nice smell too!


Product name: Top Plaza Waterdrop Pendants, (Natural) Amethyst Carnelian Black Agate, Opalite, (Synthetic) Bluesand Stone, 5pcs Product review: I love these! They are very pretty and the stones look great.  I have them on my desk at work so that they catch everyone's eye when they walk by.


Product name: Fiskars Corner Squeeze Punch (1/2 Round) Product review: I use this to punch out the corners of my cards.  It works great and is easy to clean up after each use!


Product name: Dimensions Roving Rolls, Pastel Product review: I have been using these for years.  They are the best way to keep my hair out of my face when doing yoga or other activities that require a lot of stretching and bending.


Product name: Certificate Frame - Premium Glossy Prestige with Gold Accents University Diploma Frame - Choice of College Major Gold Seal Insignia - Single Black Mat - College Degree Frame Product review: I love this frame.  It is very sturdy and looks great on my desk at work!


Product name: 18 Unique Fuzzy Velvet Christmas Ornaments - Ready to Color and Hang Product review: I love these ornaments.  I have a lot of them on my tree, but they are so cute!  They make great gifts for friends and family too.


Product name: May your bobbin always be full....Funny Sewing Wall Quote Words Sayings Removable Vinyl Wall Lettering 12" X 15", Black Product review: I love this wall decal.  It is a great size and the colors are vibrant!  I have it on my bedroom door, so that when people come in they can see what's going on with me.


Product name: wall26 - Peaceful Landscape with Lake and Mountains out of the Open Window Product review: I love this picture.  I have it on my computer desk at work, but also in a frame for my bedroom.


Product name: Honey-Can-Do SRT-01154 Urban Rolling Laundry Center, Chrome, Triple-Sorter Product review: I have a small apartment and this is the perfect size for my clothes.  I can easily roll them up in it when they are dirty or just need to be folded.


Product name: Lego Movie Twin / Full Comforter and Sheet Set (4 Piece Set) New! Product review: I love this set.  I have a twin bed, so it is perfect for me to use as my comforters when we go camping or on the road.


Product name: Sterilite 04864106 2 Quart Round Pitcher Product review: I have a large family and this is the perfect size for all of us to share.  I use it as my water bottle, but also fill up with ice cubes when we go out on picnics or camping trips.


Product name: Electrolux Ergospace Bagged Canister Vacuum, EL4103A - Corded Product review: I have had this for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it to vacuum my car every other week or so when the weather gets bad.


Product name: ABELE (R) Ultra Soft TPR (No Smell) Bubble Non Slip Baby Kids Safety Shower Bath Tub Mat, Mildew Mold Resistant Product review: I have a toddler and he loves to play in the tub.  This mat is great for him because it's easy to clean up after him when he gets out of the bath!


Product name: Hippie Elephant Sling Crossbody Bag Purse Thai Top Zip Handmade New Color Black Product review: I love this bag! It is so cute and the colors are great.  I use it for my laptop, wallet, keys, etc...and it fits all of that in one place.


Product name: Blue Donuts 3-Tier Round Iron Hanging Basket - 25in Long Product review: I have a small kitchen and this basket is perfect for my coffee, tea, sugar packets etc.  I use it to keep the items organized in one place so they don't get lost or mixed up when making breakfasts/lunches.

Product name: HomeBedding 100% Egyptian Cotton 600 TC Short Queen Sheet Set 60x75 for Camper/RV Stripe Navy Blue Product review: I bought this set to use in my camper.  It is very soft and comfortable, but it does not have a zipper or drawstring closure so you can't close the top of your bed when you are camping.


Product name: Set of 2 Star Shaped Curtain Tie-Backs Product review: I have a curtain rod that is not long enough to reach the top of my window.  I was looking for something like this, but it's too short and doesn't fit on my curtain rods.


Product name: Pavilion Gift Company 19009 Light Your Way Terra Cotta Candle Holder, In Memory, 5-Inch Product review: I bought this for my mother in law.  She loves it and uses it every day!


Product name: Tess 3 Piece Duvet Cover by Colorfly Product review: I love this duvet cover.  It is very soft and comfortable, but it does not have a zipper so you can't easily wash the covers separately from your comforter or sheets.


Product name: La Crosse Technology WT-8002U Digital Wall Clock Product review: I have had this clock for a few years now and it still works perfectly.  I use the time to keep track of my daily schedule, but also as an alarm clock when needed.


Product name: Body-Friendly Insect Repellent - All Natural, DEET Free Bug Spray for Your Family Product review: I have been using this product since the summer of 2015.  I use it on my children and myself when we go outside to play in our yard or garden. It works great!


Product name: Magnetic Frames Product review: I have a small office and this is the perfect way to keep my computer desk organized.  I use it for all of my documents, pictures, etc...


Product name: Sleep Innovations Contour Memory Foam Pillow Product review: I have a very hard time falling asleep.  I use this pillow and it helps me fall asleep faster than any other pillows that I've tried.


Product name: Huion USB Wall Travel Charger Power Adapter for Huion L4S LB4 LB3 Light Box Product review: I use this with my light box and it works great.  I have a lot of lights on the wall, so having one that can be plugged in anywhere is very useful!


Product name: Kikkerland Magnetic Decision Maker Product review: I have a magnetic board that is not working.  I tried to use this but it did not work for me.


Product name: Blue Feather My Pad for Needles Machine Needle Organizer Product review: I use this to organize my needles and thread.  I have a lot of them, so it's great that they are all together in one place!


Product name: Rtgs Micro LED 60 Super Bright Warm White Color Indoor and Outdoor String Lights Battery Operated on 20 Ft Long Silver Color Ultra Thin String Wire with Timer [NEWEST VERSION] + 100% RTGS Products Satisfaction Guarantee Product review: I have had these for a few years now.  They are bright, but not as bright as the ones that come in my house (which is why they were purchased).  I would recommend them to anyone looking for something similar.


Product name: Zerust Anti-Tarnish Box Medium 6 compt. -Translucent Product review: I have used this product for years and it has never failed me, but now that my husband is using it as well, the smell of the tarnished silverware is unbearable!


Product name: Kashi Micro-suede Slipcover Sofa Loveseat Chair Furniture Cover (Sofa, Black) Product review: I bought this for my daughter's room.  She loves it and she is very happy with the quality of the product!


Product name: LEMONBEST 100 pcs Multi-Color Soft Cotton Cross Stitch Embroidery Threads Skeins Floss Sewing Threads, 50 Different Colors Product review: I love this thread.  I use it for embroideries and cross stitch projects. It is very soft and easy to work with.


Product name: Seville Classics Stainless Steel Professional Kitchen Cart Cutting Table Product review: I have a small kitchen and this is the perfect size for cutting vegetables, fruits etc.  I use it every day!


Product name: AIR CONDITIONER COVER Product review: I have a small room and this is the perfect size.  I can't imagine having to buy another one for my larger bedroom!


Product name: 7 Pc Reversible Boys Monkey Comforter Set Bed in a Bag Twin Size Bedding By Plush C Collection Product review: I love this comforters.  It is very soft and comfortable to sleep on, but it also looks great!


Product name: Wood Jewelry / Bead Storage Box in TEMPERED Glass Top Lid With Velvet Black Pad Display Box Case Medals Awards Jewelry Knife Product review: I love this box.  I have a lot of jewelry and it is easy to keep organized with the velvet pad on top.


Product name: Wooden Mallet Deluxe Straight Leg Luggage Rack, Light Oak Product review: I use this for my luggage and it works great.  I have a small carry on bag that fits in the bottom of the rack with room to spare.


Product name: Pastel Owl Set- Decorative Poster Prints By Paul Brent, 8x10, Stretched Canvas Product review: I love this set.  I have it hanging in my bedroom and the kids can't wait to see what is on the wall when they get home from school!


Product name: Munro Fairysite/Dragonsite - Just Believe - JG50160 - Jessica Galbreth Product review: I have a lot of these and they are great for the price.  I use them to keep my plants alive in pots, but also as an emergency water source when we go camping or hiking.


Product name: Citrus Magic Solid Odor Absorber, Fresh Citrus, 20-Ounce Product review: I have a small dog and this works great for her.  I use it in the crate when she is sleeping or on walks to keep odors from being released into the air.


Product name: Silver Wedding Mini Bell Decorations Favors (Set of 50) Product review: I bought these for my daughter's wedding.  They were a hit!  She loved them and they are very cute.


Product name: Clover 8103 5-Piece Tatting Shuttles Set, Large Product review: I have used these for years.  They are great to use when you need a lot of thread and don't want to carry it around with you.


Product name: Caran d'Ache Classic Neocolor II Water-Soluble Pastels Product review: I love this pastel.  I use it for my watercolor paintings and also as a color pencil in the classroom.


Product name: Hoover FloorMate Deluxe Hard Floor Cleaner - Corded Product review: I have a hardwood floor and this works great.  I use it on my tile floors as well, but the wood is more difficult to clean than carpet or laminate.


Product name: Coavas Stained Glass Window Film for Windows,Static Cling Window Privacy Film (Multi,17.7-by-78.7 Inch) Product review: I have a window that is not very well insulated and it gets cold in the winter time.  I put this on my windows to keep out the heat from outside. It works great!


Product name: Dyson Cinetic Animal Canister Vacuum Product review: I have a small dog and this is the best vacuum for her.  I use it on my carpet, but also in our car when we go out to dinner or shopping.


Product name: Darice 1095-08 4-Inch by 6-Inch Mini Paper Trimmer Product review: I use this to trim my scrapbook pages.  It works great and is easy to use!


Product name: New Age Floral Design Handcrafted Wooden Box Product review: I love this box.  I use it for my jewelry and other small items that don't fit in a regular jewelry box, but still need to be protected from the elements.


Product name: Online Desire 2pc Solid Bright Pink 84" Long Elegant Sheer Curtains Fully Stitched Panels Window Treatment Drapes... Product review: I love these curtains.  They are very pretty and the quality is great!  I have them in my bedroom, living room, dining area, etc.


Product name: Gifts & Decor Artisan Carved Leaf Motif Decorative Vase Product review: I love this vase.  It is a little smaller than the picture shows, but it's perfect for my small collection of orchids and other tropical plants.


Product name: Ranger Perfect Pens Set, 2/Pack, Clear Product review: I have been using these for a few years now.  I use them to write on my whiteboard and they work great!


Product name: AcuRite 02020 Portable Lightning Detector Product review: I have a small house and this is the best lightning detector.  I use it in my car, at home, etc... It's easy to carry around with you!


Product name: yellow red ombre tapestry Product review: I love this! It is a great way to add color and texture to my home.  I have it in the living room, dining area, kitchen, bedroom, etc...


Product name: Whitmor Double Rod Freestanding Closet / Wardrobe, Silver Product review: I have a small bedroom and this is the perfect size for my clothes.  I love that it has shelves on both sides so you can easily find your items without having to dig through piles of clothing!


Product name: InterDesign York Lyra - Bathroom Shower Caddy Shelves Product review: I love this product.  I have a small bathroom and it is so nice to be able to put my shower caddy on the counter instead of having to take it out every time i want to use it!


Product name: Craftamo Paint Brush Set - Use as Watercolor Brushes, Face Paint Brushes, and Acrylic Paint Brushes. 15 Paint Brushes with Carry Case. Product review: I love this set! It is a great size for travel or to use at home. The brushes are very soft and the paint is easy to apply.  I have used them on my daughter's dolls and they look so cute!!


Product name: Technogel® Sleeping Pillows with Dr. Scholl's (Anatomic, Deluxe, Classic, Contour, Petite) Product review: I have a hard time sleeping on my back and these pillows are great for that purpose!  I use them in the bed as well so they don't get lost under the covers when I'm not using them.


Product name: Household Essentials 7173 Rolling Quad Laundry Sorter with Removable Hamper Bags - Antique Bronze Frame Product review: I have a large family and this is the best laundry basket for us.  It holds all of our clothes, towels, sheets etc.


Product name: 696476 - parent Product review: I have a very small bathroom and this is the perfect size for my needs.  I love that it has an adjustable shelf so you can adjust to your height, but not too high or low.


Product name: Small Clear Translucent Skull Collectible Figurine Product review: I love this skull.  It is very cute and the detail on it is great!  I would recommend buying one for your collection or as a gift to someone else who loves skulls.


Product name: Kraft Brown Square Cardboard Jewelry Boxes 3.5 X 3.5 X 1 Inches (20) Product review: I bought these for my daughter's birthday and she loves them! She has a lot of jewelry, so it is great to have this box that holds all her pieces in one place.


Product name: 3-pc. Bat Throwing Knives Product review: I bought these for my son and he loves them! He has been using them to play with his friends at school, they are great quality and very sharp!!


Product name: Coral Red Owl Wall Hook, Wall Decor, Towel Rack, Jewelry, Coat, Belt Hook ~H13~ Decorative Bathroom, Kitchen, Mudroom Hook Product review: I love this hook.  It is a great size for my bathroom and it looks so nice on the wall!


Product name: HLC.ME Bamboo Comfort Memory Foam Pillow - Never Stays Flat - Relieves Snoring, Neck Pain, Migrains, and Asthma - Queen Product review: I have been using this pillow for about a month now. It is very comfortable to sleep on at night but it does not stay flat when you lay down in bed.  I am hoping that the manufacturer will make an update soon so we can all

Product name: Vickerman 4-Feet Artificial Capensia Bush in Decorative Rattan Basket Product review: I bought this for my daughter's room.  She loves it and has used it several times already!  It is very sturdy, easy to clean up after use, and looks great on her bed.


Product name: Vintage Hawaiian Art Bracelet - Deluxe Schima Superba Wood Jewelry Product review: I love this bracelet.  It is very well made and the wood is beautiful!  I have had it for a few months now, but still haven't taken off my wedding band yet...


Product name: niceEshop(TM) Chinese Style Silk Fan Handcrafted Folding Hand Held Silk Fan High-grade Gift Choice Chinese Vintage Retro Style Female Fan Product review: I bought this for my daughter and she loves it.  She uses it to fan herself while doing homework or watching TV, etc...


Product name: Large 30 X 40 Laundry Bag with Cord Assorted Colors and Patterns Product review: I have a large laundry basket that is too small for my clothes.  I use this to hold the extra items when doing laundry, or just as an extra storage space in my closet.


Product name: Grungy Pet Paw Prints Decorative Craft Trinket Metal Tin Box Set of 2 Product review: I love this box.  I use it for my cat's litter and food, but also as a storage container for other items that need to be kept dry or out of the reach of cats (like nail clippers).


Product name: Motorcycle Garage Tin sign BSA Lightning Rocket 1965 Decorative wall plate 8x12" Product review: I have a motorcycle garage and this is the perfect way to decorate it.  I use it as an extra shelf for my tools, etc., but also display some of my favorite items on it too!


Product name: StorageManiac 3-tier Folding Water-Resistant Compact Steel Clothes Drying Rack - 22.44x14.57x41.34 - Inches Product review: I have a small closet in my bedroom and this is the perfect size for it! It's easy to put away, but also easy enough that you can just throw your clothes on top of each other without having to worry about them getting wrinkled or

Product name: JetzScrubz Magic Scrubber Sponge Product review: I have used this for years and it works great.  I use it on my shower floor, tubs, sinks etc... It is easy to clean up after using the sponge.


Product name: Whitmor 6579-1975  3 Tier Expandable Faux Leather Shoe Rack Product review: I have a pair of shoes that are too big for my shoe rack.  I was able to fit them in the 3rd tier, but they were not as secure and did not stay put on the shelf.


Product name: Commercial Grade Microfiber Floor / Dust Mop with a Washable Pad. Works Well on All Surfaces. Telescoping Handle Adjusts to Your Height. Product review: I have used this for years and it works great!  I use it in my garage, basement, laundry room etc... It is easy to clean up after using the mop pad.


Product name: Royal Hotel's 300 Thread Count King / California-King Size Goose Down Alternative Comforter 100% Cotton Shell 300 TC - 750FP - 86 Oz - Solid White Product review: I have a king size bed and this comforters is perfect for me.  I like the softness of it, but not too much so that you can't move around in your sleep.


Product name: Trademark Art Backlit Birdie Being Buffeted Canvas Art by Lois Bryan Product review: I love this! It is so cute and the colors are vibrant.  I have it on my wall in a frame with some of my other art work, but would be great to hang alone as well.


Product name: Kay Dee Designs 3-Piece Cotton Flour Sack Towel Set, 26 by 26-Inch, Queen Bee Product review: I love these towels.  They are soft and absorbent. They wash up well in the dishwasher. The colors are vibrant and bright!


Product name: Rajasthan Block Print Tablecloth-60" x 90" Rectangle Product review: I love this table cloth.  It is a great size and the colors are vibrant!


Product name: TJie Art Hand Painted Mordern Oil Paintings Plum Blossom Wall Decor Clouds Home Landscape Oil Paintings Splice 5-piece/set on Canvas Product review: I love this painting.  I have it in my bedroom and every time I walk by, I stop to look at the beautiful colors!


Product name: Assortment of Colors Skirt & Dress Zippers 3# Nylon Zipper Net Length 20cm Overall Length 9'' Nylon Coil Closed End Zippers for Trousers Wallet Bag Tailor Sewing Tools Craft DIY Zipper Product review: I have a pair of these zippers and they are great.  I use them to make my own drawstring bags, but also as an alternative to the plastic ones that come with most sewing machines.


Product name: Soilove Laundry Soil-stain Remover Pack of 2 Product review: I have a lot of stains on my clothes and this works great.  I use it to remove the stain from my jeans, then wash them in hot water with detergent.


Product name: O-Cedar Easy Wring Spin Mop Refill Product review: I have a hard time finding the right mop for my needs.  This is perfect!  I can use it with any of my cleaning products and it works great.


Product name: Colourfull Arts Framers Tape Medium 38mm Product review: I use this for framing my photos and it works great.  I have a lot of frames so the price is right!


Product name: 100pcs Knitting Crochet Locking Stitch Needles Clip Markers Holder (Randon Colors) Product review: I use these for my knitting and crocheting.  They are very easy to clip on/off, but they do not stay in place well enough when you need them.


Product name: Fire Pot Snuffer by Windflame Product review: I have a small fire pit and this is the best way to put out any flames.  I use it on my grill, but also in my fireplace when we are having friends over for dinner or just hanging around outside.


Product name: Pro-Clean Reservoir Pad for Braava Floor Mopping Robot Product review: I have a floor mopper and it works great.  I use this pad to keep the water from getting on my carpet when using the machine.


Product name: Carb-Othello Pastel Pencil 60 Color Set Product review: I love this set.  I use it for drawing and coloring in my sketchbook, but also as a pencil sharpener when I need to do some quick work on the go!


Product name: Bounce Comfort Extra Thick Memory Foam Bath Mat - Caicos Premium Micro Plush Mat with BounceComfort Technology Product review: I love this mat.  It is very soft and comfortable to sit on, but it also has a nice bounce when you walk or run around the house!


Product name: 11x14-inch Black Picture Frame - Made to Display Pictures 8x10-inches with Mat or 11x14-inches Without Mat - Hanging Hardware Included - Glass Front Product review: I bought this frame for my son's room.  He loves it and the mat is a great addition!


Product name: The Triplets - Candle Set of 3 From The Barrel Shack Product review: I love these candles.  They are a great price and the scent is wonderful!  I have them in my office, living room, bedroom, etc...


Product name: Medium Size Victorian White Candle Lantern Candleholder Product review: I love this candle holder.  It is a great size and looks very nice on my table.


Product name: Bucilla Counted Cross Stitch Bookmark Kit, 2.5 by 8-Inch, 45709 Inspired By Nature (Set of 12) Product review: I love this kit! It is so easy to stitch and the colors are beautiful. The only thing that would make it better for me is if there were more pages in each booklet.


Product name: Incense Sticks 100 Bulk Pack – Dragons Blood Product review: I use these for my dragon and they work great.  I have a lot of them, so it's nice to know that when one burns out or gets too hot, you can just throw another in the fire!


Product name: 4 Colors Christmas GiftCar Seat Belt Cover Cushion Shoulder Harness Pad Soft Sleep Pillow USA Product review: I bought this for my son and he loves it.  He has a hard time sleeping on his back, so the pillow helps him to sleep better.


Product name: Precious Stone Rosary Bracelets with Swarovski Crystal, Amber Product review: I love these bracelets.  They are very pretty and the stones sparkle in the sunlight!  I wear them all day long without a problem.


Product name: Honey-Can-Do 72-Inch Decorative Tension Shower Rod Product review: I have a very small bathroom and this is the perfect shower rod.  I can't imagine having to move it around every time I want to use my shower!


Product name: Oggi Replacement Charcoal Filters for Compost Pails # 7320, 5427, 5448 and 7700, Set of 2 Product review: I have used these filters in my compost bins.  They are easy to install and work well.


Product name: Thirstystone AM Make it Paisley I Coaster, Bronze Product review: This is a great coaster.  I use mine for my coffee and tea at work. It's easy to clean up after using the coasters.


Product name: 3 Pcs Luxury Yarn Dyed Multi Stripped Bath Towel Product review: I love this towel.  I use it in the shower and on my bed, but also as a beach towel when we go to the beach!


Product name: Sinland Thick Microfiber Waffle Weave Dish Cloths Dishcloths Washcloths Facial Cloths(Deep Color) Product review: I use these for my face and they are great.  I have sensitive skin so it is nice to know that the cloths will not irritate me when using them on my skin.


Product name: US Art Supply "Boardroom" 66" Tall Large Jumbo Black Aluminum Flipchart Display & Presentation Easel Product review: I use this for my board meetings.  It is a great way to keep track of the agenda and notes from each meeting, as well as being able to flip through it at any time during the meeting.


Product name: Bed Sheets Set, Highest Quality Bedding Sheets Set on Amazon, Deep Pockets Fitted Sheet, 100% Luxury Soft Microfiber, Hypoallergenic, Cool & Breathable Product review: I have been using these sheets for a few years now and they are still as soft and comfortable.  I use them in my bed at night to sleep better than any other sheet or blanket that I've tried.


Product name: NEST Fragrances Reed Diffuser- Cedar Leaf & Lavender, 5.9 fl oz Product review: I love this diffuser! It is so quiet and the scent lasts a long time, even when it's not running. The only thing that would make me give it less stars is if there was more of an option to turn off the sound or

Product name: Therapeutica Sleeping Pillow - Petite Product review: I have a dog that sleeps on my bed and this pillow is great for her.  I use it at night when she's sleeping in the room with me, but also during the day while we're out walking or playing outside.


Product name: Ikea Malinda Soft Chair Cushion/pad, Light Beige Product review: This is a great chair.  I use it in my office and at home for reading or watching TV. It's very comfortable and easy to clean up after using.


Product name: Oceanstar Bamboo Utensil Holder Product review: I use this for my bamboo toothbrush.  It holds the brush and fits in a small pocket on my keychain, so it's always with me!


Product name: Housweety 500 Bronze Tone Crimp Beads Findings 3.5x2.5mm Product review: I have used these for years and they are still going strong!  I use them to make my own jewelry, but also as a replacement for the crimps that come with most wire cutters.


Product name: HomeStart Odor Remover Stainless Steel Soap (Stainless Steel Base) Product review: I have a stainless steel sink and this works great.  I use it to remove the smell of soap from my hands after washing them in hot water, or when using hand sanitizer.


Product name: DII Ultra Soft Luxury Spa Ribbed Memory Foam Cotton Bath Mat Place in Front of Shower, Vanity, Bath Tub, Sink, and Toilet, 17 x 24" - Stone Blue Product review: I love this mat.  It is very soft to the touch but not too much so that it will slip off your shower floor when you get out.


Product name: Ikea Steel Napkin Holder 802.099.01, White Product review: This is a great napkin holder for the kitchen table or countertop! It holds my dinner plate and glass of water without any problems at all.  I would recommend this to anyone who needs a simple but functional napkins holder.


Product name: Taylor Precision Products Electronic Glass Talking Scale Product review: I have used this scale for years.  It is very accurate and easy to use.


Product name: Curved Lobster Clasps-100 pcs Lobster Claw Clasps Findings-7 x 12 mm with Kare & Kind Retail Packaging Product review: I have used these for years.  They are very easy to use and hold my lobsters securely in place while cooking them.


Product name: Walnut Hollow Baltic Birch Circle Plaque, 6 by 6-Inch Product review: I love this plaque.  It is a great size and the colors are beautiful!  I have it on my kitchen table to remind me of our trip to Europe last year.


Product name: ThruNite Archer Series 1A 2A V3 CREE XP-L Tactical LED Flashlight Product review: I have used this flashlight for a few years now.  It is great to carry around and has saved me from many situations where my cell phone battery would not last long enough.


Product name: Conair Ultimate Garment Steamer, Grey / Black Product review: I have used this steamer for years.  It is a great tool to keep my clothes clean and fresh looking!


Product name: Irish Celtic Ceramic 9 3/4" Celebrating Heritage Lucky in Love Wedding Decorative Plate Product review: I bought this for my daughter's wedding and she loved it.  It was a great addition to the table setting!


Product name: shower curtain Product review: I love this product.  I have a small bathroom and it is so nice to be able to close the door when you are done using your shower!


Product name: Deco Brothers Supreme Commercial Grade Garment Rolling Rack, Chrome Finish Product review: I have used this for years.  It is a great product and works well with my sewing machine.


Product name: Rubbermaid 4D06 Configurations 23-Inch Foldable Laundry Hamper, Natural Product review: I have a small laundry room and this is the perfect size for my needs.  I use it to store all of my towels in one place so that they are easy to find when needed.


Product name: InterDesign Forma Constant Tension Bathroom Shower Curtain Rod - 50-87",  Brushed Stainless Steel, Various Size Product review: I have a bathroom that is very small and the shower curtain was too big for it.  I had to cut off some of the excess fabric so now my shower looks like an oversized bathtub!


Product name: Kirby Vacuum Hose End Generation 5 OEM # 210097 Product review: I have a Kirby vacuum and it is great.  I use the hose end to clean my car, but also for cleaning up around the house when needed.


Product name: The Walking Dead Season 1 Television Poster Product review: I love this poster.  I have it on my wall and look at it every day!


Product name: Cool Living 18,000 BTU 230V Home/Office Window Mount Air Conditioner | 900 Sq Ft Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it is working great.  I am very happy with the purchase.


Product name: Nearly Natural 6584 Corn Stalk Dracaena Decorative Artificial Silk Plant, Green Product review: I love this plant.  I have it in my office and the smell is so nice!  It's a little small but that doesn't stop me from enjoying it.


Product name: Deco 79 21634 Metal Fire Screen Product review: I have a small fire pit and this is the perfect size.  I use it to keep my coals from burning out too quickly, but also as an extra layer of protection for when we are outside in the summer.


Product name: Home- It Mop and Broom Holder, Wall Mounted Garden Tool Storage Tool Rack Storage & Organization for the Home Plastic Hanger for Closet Garage Organizer Shed Organizer Basement Storage General Storage Product review: I have a small closet in my basement.  I use this to hold all of my hand tools when not using them on the job site or at home.


Product name: Mossy Oak Break-Up Infinity King Sheet Set Camo Product review: I have a lot of camouflage gear and this is the best.  I use it for everything from hunting to camping, hiking, backpacking etc...


Product name: Elegant Comfort 1500 Thread Count Wrinkle & Fade Resistant Egyptian Quality Hypoallergenic Ultra Soft Luxurious 4-Piece Bed Sheet Set and Pillowcases Product review: I have been using these sheets for a few years now.  They are very soft, comfortable and wash well.


Product name: Watercolor Palette 7-1/2 x 11 inches Butcher Tray Product review: I love this palette.  I use it for watercolors and acrylics, but also as a canvas to paint on with my finger or brush.


Product name: Clear Plastic Organizer with 10 Removable Drawers Product review: I use this for my son's school backpack.  It is a great organizer and keeps his books organized, but it does not fit in the back of his bag.


Product name: Replacement for Dyson DC17 Hose, Compatible With Part # 911645-07, 911645-02, 911645-04 & 911645-05, by Think Crucial Product review: I have a DYON DC 17 and it is very difficult to get the hose off.  I had to use pliers to remove the rubber band that holds the end of the tube on.


Product name: Astar Memory Foam Head Rest Car Pillow M139 Product review: I have a hard time sleeping with my head on the pillow.  I use this to keep it from falling off and also for when I'm driving or in bed at night, so that I don't fall out of bed!


Product name: InterDesign PEVA 3 Gauge Shower Curtain Liner - Mold/Mildew Resistant, PVC Free Product review: I have used this shower curtain liner for years.  It is very easy to install and holds up well under normal use.


Product name: Reed & Barton Benson 108-Piece Set 18/10 Stainless Steel, Service for 12 Product review: I have used this set of tools on many occasions.  I use it to clean my car and the garage floor. It is easy to store in a small space when not being used.


Product name: Hosley's Brown Decorative Tray and Orb/ball Set. Burlwood Style Finish. Great Gift Product review: I bought this for my daughter who is a huge fan of the Harry Potter series, she loves it! It was delivered on time as promised. The quality is great and looks exactly like what you see in the picture.


Product name: Outcasts of Black Mesa Movie Poster (11 x 17 Inches - 28cm x 44cm) (1950) Style A -(Estela Inda)(Miguel Inclán)(Alfonso Mejía)(Roberto Cobo)(Alma Delia Fuentes)(Francisco Jambrina) Product review: I love this poster.  I have it framed and hanging on my wall in the living room, where I spend a lot of time watching movies!


Product name: Senville SENL  Split Air Conditioner and Heat Pump, Mini Product review: I have a small house with no air conditioning.  This is the best thing ever!  I can run it all day long without having to worry about my health or comfort level.


Product name: Enoz Sergeant Swat Flyswatter Product review: I have a fly swatter that is not working.  I was looking for something to replace it with and this fit the bill perfectly!


Product name: 3 PC Quilted Bedspread Coverlet, Multi Animal Print Patchwork Design, High Quality Brushed Microfiber Full, Queen and King Sizes Product review: I love this bedding.  I have a king size bed with two dogs that sleep on it at night so the quilt is very important to me!  This one has been washed many times now and still looks like new.


Product name: Double Deluxe Purse Size Coupon Organizer Wallet #59 Product review: I use this for my purse and it works great.  I have a small wallet, but the large pockets are perfect to hold all of my cards/cash/etc.


Product name: 100% Pure Palm Oil - Nauturally Refined - Ideal for Soap Making - Cold Pressed - 2 Pounds (32 Ounces) Volume By Weight Product review: I use this oil in my soap making.  It is a great addition to the oils that are used and it makes them last longer.


Product name: Astar 3 Pack New Rectangle Microfiber Pad for Shark Pocket Steam Mop S3550 S3501 S3601 S3901 Product review: I have a micro fiber pad that is supposed to be used with the steam mop.  I use it on my hardwood floors and it works great!


Product name: Alrens_DIY(TM)50pcs Bling-bling Stars DIY Acrylic Removable Decorative Mirror Surface Crystal Wall Stickers 3D Home Decal Room Murals Wall Paper Decor Gift Product review: I love this product.  I have used it on my bathroom mirror and it looks great!


Product name: Achim Cordless Luna 2 in. Vinyl Venetian Blind Product review: I have a small window and this blind is perfect for it, easy to install and looks great!  I would recommend this product to anyone looking for something similar


Product name: Copic Markers Copic Carrying Case Product review: I use these for my markers and they are great.  I have a lot of them, so it is easy to find one when you need it!


Product name: Blue Tapestry Wall Hanging Product review: I love this wall hanging.  It is a great way to add color and texture to my home decor!


Product name: Creative Options Grab'n'Go Rack System, Small Product review: I have a small kitchen and this is the perfect solution for my needs.  I can easily store all of my utensils in one place without having to worry about them getting lost or broken.


Product name: SquareTrade Appliance Protection Plan Product review: I have a Kenmore dishwasher and it has been working great for years.  I was looking to replace the filter, but this is not an option on my machine.


Product name: Royal & Langnickel Aqualon Painting Box Set Product review: I have a lot of acrylics and this is the best way to store them.  I use it for my watercolor paintings, but also as an organizer when working with oil paints or pastels.


Product name: Scented Candles Set of 3: 3 x 4-Ounce Soy Candles Product review: I love these candles.  They are a great price and the scent is wonderful!


Product name: AmazonBasics Microfiber Sheet Set Product review: I use these sheets for my bed and they are great.  I have a very hard time getting the sheet to stay on, but it does so with no problem at all!


Product name: Dirt Devil Express V6 Wet/Dry Bagless Handheld Vacuum, BD10205 - Cordless Product review: I have had this for a few months now and it is great.  I use it to clean my car on the weekend when we are not using our cars.


Product name: Bill & Candy Bag in bag 5 pieces set travel packing cube Product review: I love this! It's a great size for my purse and it fits everything perfectly.  I use it to carry around all of the essentials when traveling, so that I don't have to worry about forgetting anything or having extra things with me

Product name: 4x4 Set of 48 Polka Dot Circles vinyl lettering decal home decor wall art saying Product review: I love this! It is so cute and easy to apply.  I have it on my car, in the kitchen, etc...and everyone loves it!!


Product name: Grateful Dead - Set of 7 Icon Stickers (Sheet) Product review: I have a lot of stickers and these are great.  I use them on my computer, phone, etc...


Product name: 24 Assorted Spools of Thread Full Size 200 Yards Each Product review: I have used these for years.  They are the best thread to use in my sewing machine and they last a long time.


Product name: Singer Titanium Universal Regular Point Machine Needles for Woven Fabric, Assorted Sizes, 10-Pack Product review: I use these needles to sew on my own handmade clothes.  They are very sharp and easy to thread through the machine.


Product name: Colorful Tree Modern Abstract 100% Hand Painted Oil Painting on Canvas Wall Art Deco Home Decoration (Unstretch No Frame) Product review: I love this painting.  It is a beautiful piece of art and it looks great in my living room!


Product name: Royal & Langnickel Premier Sketching and Drawing Deluxe Art Set, 134-Piece Product review: I love this set.  I use it for my kids art projects as well as myself!


Product name: SPT WA-1420E Portable Air Conditioner, 14000 BTU Product review: I have had this air conditioner for about a year now.  It is great to keep the house cool in summer and warm during winter.


Product name: Hot Off The Press Postcards Acrylic Stamp Sheet, 8" by 8" Product review: I love this stamp set.  I use it for my scrapbooking and card making projects. It is a great value!


Product name: Kappier Fairy Tale Princess and Castle Nursery/Kids Room Peel & Stick Wall Decals Product review: I love these! They are so cute, easy to apply and look great on my walls.  I have them in a few different colors now :)


Product name: 32 Earring Jewelry Display Case Clear Top Black New Product review: I love this case.  I have a lot of earrings and it is easy to see them all at once!


Product name: Bissell 86T3/86T3Q Deep Cleaning Professional Grade Carpet Cleaner Machine, Green Product review: I have a carpeted area in my home that is very dirty.  I use this machine to clean it and the results are amazing!  It's easy to operate and does an excellent job of cleaning up all dirt and grime from your carp

Product name: Where the Polka Dots Roam 100% Ultra Soft Microfiber Easy Care Luxury Sheet Set Product review: I have a king size bed and this is perfect for me.  I use it as my comforter, but also lay on top of it to sleep.


Product name: Rozin Wall Mounted Toilet Paper Holder Upright Style Tissue Bracket Product review: I have a small bathroom and this is the perfect solution for keeping toilet paper in place.  I use it with my hand towel, but you can also hang your tissue on it if you prefer to keep them dry.


Product name: Pillow Case - Zen Chi 100% 400 Thread Count Premium Pillow Case - Fits All Twin Sized Pillows (20" X 26") Product review: I love this pillow case.  It is very soft and comfortable to sleep on, but it does not have a zipper so you can't put your own clothes in the pocket!


Product name: InterDesign Refrigerator Bin Water Bottle Holder, Set of 2, Clear Product review: I have a small refrigerator and this is perfect for keeping my water bottles in.  I use it to keep the ice out of the way when making smoothies or other drinks that require ice.


Product name: Sizzix Framelits 18 Piece Bird Crazy Die Set Product review: I love this set.  I use it for all my die cutting needs and have not had any problems with the dies being too small or too big, they are always perfect!


Product name: Monochromatic Fall Tree Extended Wall Decal Tree Wall Sticker Vinyl Tree Decal Nursery Wall Art Decoration Product review: I love this! It is so cute and the colors are perfect.  I have it on my wall in a nursery room, but also use it as an accent piece for other rooms too.


Product name: Genuine Rabbit Foot Key Chains Good Luck Two Tones Product review: I have been using these for years.  They are the best!  I use them to keep my keys from falling out of my purse or pocket when I am on the go and they work great.


Product name: Honey-Can-Do Hanging Closet Organizer Product review: I have a small closet in my bedroom and this is the perfect organizer for it.  I use it to store all of my shoes, purses, etc...and now that we are expecting our second child, I can't wait until he/

Product name: AcuRite 00850A2 5-Inch Capacity Easy-Read Magnifying Rain Gauge Product review: I have a small garden and this is perfect for measuring the water level.  I can see if it's too high or low without having to go out in the rain!


Product name: Winsor & Newton Designers Gouache Tube Product review: I love this product.  I use it for all my watercolor projects and have never had a problem with the tube leaking or breaking.


Product name: Schacht Cricket Loom Product review: I have been using this for a few years now.  I use it to make my own handmade hats and scarves, but also as an alternative to the traditional loom when making sweaters or other items that need more than one color of

Product name: CRESNEL U-Slide Clothes Hanger - Non-slip - Best Value Pack of 50 pcs - Heavy Duty Product review: I use these for my clothes and they are great.  I have a lot of shirts that need to be hung up, so this is perfect!


Product name: doTERRA OnGuard Cleaner Concentrate,12 fl oz/355 ml Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has worked great.  I use it on my hair after washing to keep the tangles from coming back in.


Product name: Westminster Electronic Perpetual Motion Toy Product review: I love this toy.  It is a great way to keep my hands busy while watching TV or reading.


Product name: Rowenta PU6010 Intense Pure Air 800-Square Feet Air Purifier with 4-Filters Including HEPA Filter and Formaldehyde-Free Technology and Odor Eliminator, 29-Inch, White Product review: I have had this for about a month now.  It is working great!  I am very happy to be able to get rid of the smell from my house without having to use chemicals or other products that are not good for you.


Product name: SafeRest Premium Zippered Mattress Encasement - Lab Tested Bed Bug Proof, Dust Mite Proof and Waterproof - Breathable, Noiseless and Vinyl Free Product review: I have a king size bed.  I bought this for my son who has asthma. He sleeps on it every night without any problems at all!


Product name: New Wooden Handle Nylon Hammer Leathercraft Carving Hammer Sew Leather Cowhide Tool Kit Product review: I have used this hammer for years.  I use it to pound nails into wood and metal, as well as pounding in screws.


Product name: Mirrored Jewelry Cabinet Amoire Black W/stand Mirror Organizer Storage Box Rings Product review: I bought this for my daughter's room.  She loves it and uses it every day!  It is very sturdy, easy to clean and looks great in her bedroom.


Product name: J-2000 Garment Steamer Product review: I have had this for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it to steam my clothes, but also as an ironing board when needed.


Product name: AcuRite 00986A2 Refrigerator/Freezer Wireless Digital Thermometer Product review: I have a refrigerator that is not working.  I was able to get the thermostat out and it works fine now, but this thing would be great for my freezer too!


Product name: Closet Complete Baby Size, Premium Heavyweight, Velvet Hangers – Ultra-Thin, Space Saving, No-Slip, Perfectly Sized For Babies 0-48 months, Pink, Set of 25 Product review: I have a 2 year old and this is the perfect size for her clothes.  I use it to hang my daughter's dresses in the closet so they don't get wrinkled or creased when she takes them off.


Product name: (2Pack)Heavy Duty Commercial 1800 Watts Automatic Hand Dryer - Stainless Steel Product review: I have had this dryer for about a year now and it has worked flawlessly.  I use it in my office, the kitchen, and even at home when we are out of town.


Product name: 1500 Supreme Collection Bed Sheets - PREMIUM QUALITY BED SHEET SET & LOWEST PRICE, SINCE 2012 - Deep Pocket Wrinkle Free Hypoallergenic Bedding - Over 40+ Colors & Prints Product review: I have been using these sheets for a few years now.  I love them and they are very soft!


Product name: Shark Navigator Lift-Away Professional Vacuum Product review: I have a small dog and this is the best vacuum for him.  I use it on my carpeted stairs, in our laundry room, etc... It's easy to clean up after using too!


Product name: InterDesign Clara Squeegee Product review: I have used this squeegees for years.  I use them on my sewing machine and they work great!


Product name: Purple Hippie Tapestry Wall hanging Dorm Tapestry Mandala Tapestry Psychedelic Tapestry Bohemian Tapestry Bedding Bedspread Hippy Dorm Decor by Jaipur Handloom Product review: I love this tapestry.  It is a great addition to my dorm room and makes it feel more like home!


Product name: TaoTronics Dimmable Waterproof 100 LED String Lights with Remote Control for Indoor and Outdoor, 33 Feet Copper Wire, Multi-color Product review: I bought these to put on my porch.  They are very bright but not as bright as the ones that come in a package of 12 lights (which is what they were originally intended for).


Product name: CaliTime Canvas Throw Pillow Cover Case for Couch Sofa Home, Three-tone Floral Compass Geometric Product review: I love this pillow case.  It is very soft and comfortable to sleep on. It fits my couch perfectly!


Product name: Cotton Craft Papasan Solid Colors - Overstuffed Chair Cushion, Sink into our Thick Comfortable and Oversized Papasan, Pure 100% Cotton duck fabric, Fits Standard 45 inch round Chair Product review: I bought this for my daughter's room.  She loves it!  It is a little big but she can sit on the edge of her bed with no problem.


Product name: Steel Mini Portable Personal Pocket Ashtray Keychain Product review: I love this ashtrays.  I use it at work and when traveling, but also carry it with me for my car or home. It is a great size to fit in your pocket!


Product name: Pnacea Products #85041 15&quot;BLK StaGlass Bracket Product review: I have a small bathroom and this is the perfect solution for hanging my towel rack.  I can't believe how much space it gives me!


Product name: 190 GSM Flannel Sheet Set Product review: I have a very large bed and this is the perfect size for me.  I use it as an extra blanket, but also to cover my mattress when I'm not using it.


Product name: National Artcraft Lighting Kit For Small Objects Has All The Parts Necessary For Creative Illumination Projects (Lot/2) Product review: I have used this kit for a few years now and it has been great.  I use the lights to decorate my Christmas tree, but they are also useful in many other ways as well!


Product name: Waverly Napoli PEVA Flannel Back Tablecloth, Cameo Product review: I love this table cloth.  It is a little big for my dining room but it looks great and the colors are beautiful!


Product name: Avana Kind Bed Orthopedic Support Pillow Comfort System Product review: I have a bad back and this pillow has helped me sleep better.  I use it at night, but also during the day when sitting in my car or on the couch.


Product name: Let's Eat Grandpa! Punctuation Rocks! - Classroom Poster Product review: I love this poster.  It is a great way to get students excited about writing and punctuation.


Product name: Kamenstein Adjustable Bamboo Flatware Tray Product review: I love this tray.  It is a great size and fits perfectly in my dishwasher, which makes it easy to clean up after dinner!


Product name: ArtToFrames Alphabet Photography Picture Frame with 2 - 3.5x5 Openings. and Satin Black Frame. Product review: I love this frame! It is a great size for my pictures, but it's not too big or small that you can't put your picture in there. The only thing I don't like about the frame is how easily it comes off of the

Product name: Martha Stewart Crafts Embossing Starter Kit Product review: I love this kit.  I use it for all my embellishments and have used it on many projects, including a wedding album.


Product name: JoeCampanelli's Safari 6-piece Microfiber Dusting Kit Product review: I use this for my duster and it works great.  I have a lot of hair in the house, so I can't imagine how much easier life would be if there was no more dust!


Product name: Toker Poker Product review: I have been using this for a few years now and it works great.  I use it to keep my hands warm while playing poker at the casino or on the road.


Product name: Pocket Holy Water Sprinkler Made of Stainless Steel with Holding Case Product review: I have a small garden and this is perfect for watering my plants.  I use it in the morning when I get up, then again at night before bedtime.


Product name: iRobot Roomba 500 Series Replenishment Kit For Red and Green Cleaning Heads Product review: I have a few of these in my house.  They are great for cleaning the floors, but they don't seem to be as effective at picking up dirt from under furniture or other places that need more attention than just sweeping.


Product name: Sargent Art Colored Pencils Product review: I love these! They are a great size and the colors are vibrant.  I use them for coloring in my sketchbook, but they also work well on paper as well.


Product name: Crafters Workshop Flyaway Crafter's Workshop Template, 6 by 6" Product review: I used this for a scrapbook page.  I love the way it turned out!  It was easy to use and very versatile.


Product name: Window Elements Sheer Elegance Textured Faux Linen Rod Pocket Curtain Panel Pair Product review: I love this curtain panel.  It is a little more expensive than the other ones, but it looks great and fits perfectly in my window.


Product name: Guardmax - Bedbug Proof/Waterproof Mattress Protector Cover - Zippered Style - Quiet! Product review: I have a waterbed and this is the best way to keep it from getting wet.  I use it on my bed, couch, chair, etc...


Product name: Harbor House 4-Piece Maya Bay Cotton Embroidered Oversized Comforter Set, King, White Product review: I love this comforters.  It is very soft and comfortable to sleep on!  I have it in my guest room as well as the master bedroom.


Product name: Engraved Fleur De Lis Cross on 4 1/2 Inch Polished Brass Communion Paten Well Product review: I love this communion plate.  It is very heavy and beautiful, but it does not fit in my church's chalice.


Product name: Lingerie bags for laundry - PREMIUM BUNDLE SET - Best for Delicates, garments, Bras, Underwear, Hosiery, Blouses, Laundry sorter, travel laundry bag- Zippered laundry mesh bag with hanging loops - Life long high grade material - A Perfect Gift for you & family! Product review: I bought this as a gift and it was perfect.  I have been using the same one since my daughter started school in September.


Product name: Neoviva Place Mat Set with Quilted Fabric for Dining, Pack of 4 Product review: I have a small dining room and this is the perfect size.  I use it as an extra place mat or napkin holder when eating out at restaurants.


Product name: Concert Ticket Album Product review: I bought this for my son who is a huge fan of the band.  He loves it and plays it all the time!


Product name: Coconut Lime Scented 13 Ounce Mason Jar Candle By Our Own Candle Company Product review: I love this candle.  It is a great scent and the packaging makes it easy to carry around in my purse or car.


Product name: Janna Salak Designs Patriotic - Textured American Flag - Tiles Product review: I love this flag.  I have it on my wall and use it as a decoration for the holidays, etc...


Product name: Velvet Ultra Flocking Solid Upholstery Fabric 06 OFF WHITE / 58" Wide / Sold by the yard Product review: I have a sofa that is made of this fabric.  It's very soft and comfortable, but it does not hold up well to normal wear and tear.


Product name: Ikea Letter Tray Silver Steel Product review: This is a great tray for my letter writing.  I use it to hold all of the pens and pencils that are in our school's classroom, so they don't get lost or misplaced.


Product name: Palermo QH-SR04 Shoe Rack Organizer, Adjustable Shelves, Holds 12 Pairs Product review: I have a pair of shoes that are too big for my shoe rack.  I use this to hold them in place while they dry and then put them back on the shelf when they're ready.


Product name: MonsterRAX - 2x8 Overhead Garage Storage Rack (18"-33") Product review: I have a small garage and this is perfect for storing my tools.  I can easily reach them from the top shelf, but they are still out of sight when not in use.


Product name: BLACK+DECKER CHV1410L 16V Cordless Lithium Hand Vac Product review: I have a small office and this is the best vacuum for cleaning up after my dog.  I use it to clean out his litter box, as well as sweep under furniture.


Product name: 5lbs Foaming Bath Butter Stephenson Melt & Pour Soap Base Product review: I love this soap.  I use it in my shower and on the tub, as well as for hand washing. It is a great price too!


Product name: Enesco Growing Up Girls “Blonde Graduate” Porcelain Figurine, 6.25” Product review: I bought this for my daughter and she loves it! She has a very blonde hair color so the blue is perfect to match her hair. It's also really cute on display in our living room.


Product name: 1 X Anoint Oil-Frankincense & Myrrh Solid Balm (Blu) Product review: I use this on my face and it works great.  I have sensitive skin so I don't need to worry about the oil getting into my eyes or mouth, but if you do then just wash your hands after using it!


Product name: Belham Living Rustic Timber Beam Fireplace Mantel Product review: I love this fireplace.  It is a great addition to my living room and looks beautiful in the winter months!


Product name: CafePress - Navy Aviation F-18 Hornet Oval Sticker - Oval Bumper Sticker, Euro Oval Car Decal Product review: I love this!  I have a friend who is an air force pilot and he loves it too.  He has been looking for one of these to put on his car since we were in the service together.


Product name: simplehuman Fragrance Free Liquid Hand Soap Refill Pouch (6 Pack) Product review: I love this.  I use it for my daughter's hand sanitizer and she loves the smell of it!


Product name: Rhinestone Bridal Party Tote Bag Product review: I love this bag! It is so cute and the colors are great.  I have used it for a bridesmaid gift, wedding shower gifts, etc...


Product name: Oh, Susannah Dream Big Little One Children's Pillow Case Toddler or Children's Birthday Gift Product review: I bought this for my daughter and she loves it.  She has a hard time sleeping at night so when we go to bed she is in her crib with the pillowcase on top of her head.


Product name: Cen-Tec Systems 37759 Replacement Pulley-Less Agitator and Belt for CT14DXQD Quiet Drive Brush Assemblies Product review: I have a brush assembly that is not working.  I ordered this to replace it, but the belt was too short so I had to order another one from Amazon.


Product name: Manual Woodworkers & Weavers Inspirational Christian Plaques, Love, Set of 3 Product review: I have been looking for a set like this.  I am very pleased with the quality and price!


Product name: SONGMICS Jewelry Box Mirrored Jewelry Organizer Black Storage Case Drawers UJBC125C Product review: I love this organizer.  I have a lot of earrings and it is easy to find them when you need them!


Product name: 70 Inch Round Polyester Tablecloths Product review: I bought these for my daughter's room.  They are very soft and comfortable to sit on, but they do not stay clean as long as the ones we have at home.


Product name: Winnie the Pooh Balloons in the Sky Kids Fleece Fabric Print #k46211-1600710s Product review: I love these! They are soft and comfortable.  I have a toddler who loves to play with them, so they get lots of use.


Product name: SDBING Rectangle Clear Acrylic Tissue Box, Tissue Holder, Tissue Dispenser Product review: I use this for my son's school work.  He has a lot of papers to write on and it is very convenient to have the tissue box right there at his desk!


Product name: simplehuman Sensor Pump for Soap or Sanitizer Product review: I have a small bathroom and this works great.  I use it to fill my hand soap dispenser, which is in the shower.


Product name: Aspen Bay Traviata Vesuvius Frosted Red Jar Candle with Candle Snuffer Product review: I love this candle.  It is a great size and the scent is wonderful!  I have it in my office, but also use it at home as well.


Product name: 1 X NIRVANA (American alternative grunge rock logo patch) 10x7 CmIron on Patch / Embroidered Patch This Appliques Are Great for T-shirt, Hat, Jean,Jacket, Backpacks. Product review: I love this applique! It is a great way to add some color and fun to my tshirts or other clothing items that need an extra touch of style.


Product name: Misslo Sturdy Hanging Over the Door Shoe Organizer with 24 Large Mesh Pockets Product review: I use this for my shoes and it works great.  I have a lot of shoes, so having them organized is very helpful!


Product name: Con-Tact Brand Grip Premium Non-Adhesive Non-Slip Shelf and Drawer Liner, 20-Inches by 4-Feet, Engine Red Product review: I have a small kitchen with limited storage space.  I use this to store my spices in the cabinet above the stove. It is easy to install and holds everything securely.


Product name: Waterproof Chair Car Seats & Wheelchair Protector Absorbent Moisture Stains Product review: I have a wheelchair and my son has to sit in it.  This is the best thing ever!  I can't believe how much better he feels when we are out on our walks or at the park.


Product name: Lasko Personal Fan#2002W, 6 Inches, White Product review: I have a fan in my bedroom and it works great.  I use the fan to keep cool when I am sleeping or reading at night.


Product name: Organic Cotton Batting - Natural - By the Pound Product review: I use this for my son's bedding.  It is soft and comfortable, but it does not hold up well to washing or dry cleaning.


Product name: Greenco Laundry Clips - Plastic Clothespins with Spring - 100 Pack, Clear Product review: I use these for my son's clothes.  They are great to keep his shirts and pants from getting wrinkled when he is playing outside or riding in the car.


Product name: Martha Stewart Crafts Silicon Mold Product review: I used this mold to make a few different types of silicone molds.  I have not had any problems with it, but the silicon is very hard and brittle so you need to be careful when using it.


Product name: DecoMates Non-Ticking Silent Wall Clock Product review: I love this clock.  It is very easy to set up and looks great on my wall!


Product name: Hippie Elephant Sling Crossbody Bag Purse Thai Top Zip Handmade New Color Light Brown Product review: I love this bag! It is so cute and the colors are great.  I use it for my laptop, wallet, keys, etc...and it fits all of that in one place.


Product name: Disney Frozen Anna and Elsa Travel Neck Pillow Product review: I love this pillow.  It is very soft, but not too much so that it will be uncomfortable to sleep on. It's a great size for travel!


Product name: Bulk Buy: Darice DIY Crafts Eco Tote 100% Cotton 15 x 16 x 4 inches (20-Pack) 1180-50 Product review: I love this bag! It is so cute and the colors are great.  I use it for my lunch, snacks, etc...and it's easy to carry around in my purse or backpack.


Product name: Sobakawa Cloud Pillow 12.6" x 18.5" x 3.15" Product review: I love this pillow! It is so soft and comfortable, but it also has a nice firmness to it as well.  I use it for my back when laying on the couch or bed at night.


Product name: Envirocare Replacement Brushroll and 1 Belt to fit Rainbow Vacuum E Series for PN2 Nozzle Product review: I have a vacuum that is not working.  I was able to find this brush roll on Amazon, but it did not work with my vacuum.


Product name: Kiera Grace 2 by 3-Inch Tri-Layer LED Pillar Candles Product review: I love these candles.  They are a great size and burn very well!  I have them in my office, living room, bedroom, etc...


Product name: DecoBros Kitchen Cabinet and Pantry Organizer Rack, 6 Compartments, Silver Product review: I have a small kitchen with limited storage space.  This is the perfect solution for me!  I can store my spices in one place while keeping them organized on top of each other.


Product name: Lighted Mercury Glass Ball Sphere - Blue Product review: I have a large collection of glass balls and this is the best one yet.  I use it as an ornament on my Christmas tree, but also for decoration in my home.


Product name: 11x14 Photo Wood Frame with Mat for 8x10 Picture Product review: I love this frame.  It is a great size and the mat fits perfectly in it!


Product name: Mystic Mermaid Hologram Fish Scale Stretch Spandex Fuchsia, 58"/60" Wide – Sold By The Yard (FB) Product review: I have a lot of fish in my tank and this is the best way to keep them from getting tangled.  I use it on all my tanks as well.


Product name: Poster World War One Recruitment The horse is man's noblest companion - join the cavalry and have a courageous friend Product review: I love this poster.  I bought it for my son who loves horses, but he also has an interest in history so we use it as well!


Product name: FolkArt Chalkboard Paint Assorted Colors Product review: I love this chalkboard paint.  I use it on my walls and the kids' rooms, but also as a marker for art projects. It's easy to clean up with water or soapy water.


Product name: Gathered Product review: I love this product.  I use it to make my own hair masks and as a moisturizer for dry skin.


Product name: Lorann Oils Soap Making Kit Product review: I have been using this soap making kit for a few years now.  I love it!  It is easy to use and makes great handmade soaps that are not only good smelling but also very moisturizing.


Product name: Alen BreatheSmart Customizable Air Purifier with HEPA-Pure Filter for Allergies and Dust (Espresso, 2-Pack) Product review: I have a very sensitive nose.  I can't use this product without it being in my face or on the back of my neck. It's not pleasant at all!


Product name: YazyCraft Painting Sponge Product review: I love this sponge.  I use it to clean my brushes and paintbrushes, but also for cleaning the floor when painting. It is easy to wash out of your sink or bucket with soapy water.


Product name: TownHouse Daisy Bouquet Combo Pack, 1-Kitchen Towel, 2-Dish Towel, 1-Pot Holder Product review: I have a small kitchen and this is perfect for the space.  I use it to dry my dishes after washing them in the dishwasher or when I'm cooking on the stove top.


Product name: Craig Frames Picture Frame, Painted Wood Grain Finish, 2-Inch Wide, Color Options Product review: I love this frame.  It is a great size for my pictures and it looks very nice in the room!


Product name: Metal Floral Wall Art for Home and Office Decor - Framed Blue & Yellow Daisy with Geraniums Bundle Product review: I love this wall art.  It is a great size, easy to hang on the wall without any tools or glue. It looks very nice in my office!


Product name: ombre tapestry blue Product review: I love this! It is a great way to add color and texture to my home.  I have it in the living room, dining area, kitchen, bedroom, etc...


Product name: Preciosa Czech Fire 8mm Polished Glass Bead, Faceted Round, Amethyst/White Swirl, 50-Pack Product review: I love these beads.  They are very pretty and sparkly!  I use them for earrings as well as bracelets.


Product name: Redmon Round Willow Hamper with Matching Lid Product review: I love this hamper.  It is a great size for my daughter's room and it has plenty of space to store her clothes, shoes, etc.


Product name: Clover 8102 5-Piece Tatting Shuttles Set, Small Product review: I have been using these for years.  I use them to tat on my own machine and they work great!


Product name: Top Rated Memory Foam Bamboo Bed Pillow - Best Pillows for Side - Back - and Stomach Sleepers - Helps Neck Pain - King Size Product review: I have a very bad back, so this is great.  I use it on my side at night to help with the pain in my lower back.


Product name: Ansissy Shower Curtain Hooks, Opening Wider, Set of 12 Product review: I have a very small bathroom and these hooks are perfect for hanging my towels.  I can't imagine using anything else!


Product name: Wings of Texaco 1929 Curtiss Robin Airplane-6th In The Series Product review: I have owned this plane for a few years now and it is still in great condition.  I use it to fly around the neighborhood, but also as an indoor trainer when weather permits.


Product name: ILOVEDIY 100pcs Antique Bronze Eye Pins for Jewelry Making Charms Beads Many Sizes Product review: I love these! They are very sturdy and the color is beautiful.  They have a nice weight to them, but not too heavy that they will fall out of your jewelry making project.


Product name: Plum Luxury 100% Silk Pillowcase Hair & Facial Beauty Queen / Standard Product review: I love this pillow case.  It is so soft and comfortable to sleep on, but it also looks great!


Product name: Butterick Patterns B4669 Misses' Corset, Size AA (6-8-10-12) Product review: I have a very large bust and this is the only corset that fits me.  I am 5'9" tall with 34D breasts.


Product name: Reinigen Automatic Soap Dispenser with Batteries - 11.83 oz Product review: I have had this for a few years now and it works great!  I use it to clean my hands after using the bathroom, or when I am in public restrooms.


Product name: Unixtyle 100% Hand Painted Oil Painting on Canvas Purple Skyline Sea White Full Moon Night Wood Framed Landscape Wall Art Painting Abstract Home Decoration 5 Pcs/set Product review: I love this painting.  It is a beautiful piece of art and it looks great in my living room!


Product name: Comi Silver Vintage Crown Silver Gray Backgrond Throw Pillow Cover 18" X 18" Product review: I love this pillow cover.  It is a little small for my king size bed, but it's perfect for the guest room or even as an extra throw on your couch!


Product name: American Crafts Designer Desktop Printed Clipboard, Pink Watercolor, 9 x 12.5" Product review: I love this clip board! It is so cute and the colors are vibrant. The only thing that would make it better for me is if there was a place to write on it where you could not see your writing.


Product name: SandyLion Disney Mickey and Friends Scrapbook Album Product review: I love this album.  I use it for my scrapbooks, but also as a photo album to hold all of the pictures from our trips.


Product name: EnviroCare Hoover Self-Propelled WindTunnel HEPA with Activated Charcoal Filter, Pack of 2, 10.4-Inch by 3.3-Inch Product review: I have had this for a few months now and it has been great!  I use it to clean my car's air filter every time I get in the car.


Product name: Lustroware L-5033AA Modern Feel Laundry Basket, Large Product review: I have a large laundry basket and this is the perfect size for my clothes.  I use it to put away all of my clean clothes in one place so that they don't get mixed up with dirty ones.


Product name: simplehuman Pet Food Storage Can, Brushed Stainless Steel Product review: I have a large dog and this is the perfect size for him.  He loves it!


Product name: Large Long Stem Lotus Flower and Koi Fish in Traditional Oriental Painting Style Peel & Stick Wall Decals Product review: I love this decal.  I have it on my wall, but the picture is not as clear as I would like so I will be using a magnifier to see what I am painting.


Product name: Craig Frames 1WB3BK Picture Frame, Smooth Finish, 1-Inch Wide, Black Product review: I bought this frame for my son's room.  It is a great size and looks nice in his bedroom!


Product name: Sakura 50050 59-Piece Pigma Ink Artist's Gift Set Product review: I love this set.  I use it for my own art and also as a gift to friends who are artists or have an interest in drawing/painting.


Product name: Berserk Fabric Cloth Rolled Wall Poster Print -- Size: (43" x 24" / 24" x 13") Product review: I love this poster.  It is a great size and the colors are vibrant!  I have it on my wall in my office, so that everyone can see it when they walk by.


Product name: 3S Supply High Quality Steel Professional?survival Tactical Outdoor Camping Hand Axes Knife - Silver Product review: Great knife.  I have used it for a few years now and I am very happy with the quality of this product.


Product name: 100 Pcs Tiny Button, Micro Button 2hole Size 6 Mm Mix Color Product review: I have a lot of these and they are great for my son's toys.  He loves them!


Product name: Tupperware Spaghetti Dispenser. Black Seal Product review: I love this product! It is so easy to use and it makes my life a lot easier when cooking dinner or lunch for the family.  I have used it on many occasions, but now that we are expecting our second child, I will be

Product name: Dispenser Pumps and Collars for Soap and Lotion Jars or Bottles - 6 Sets Product review: I have a lot of these, but they are not as good quality.  I would recommend buying the ones that come with the pump instead.


Product name: Over the Door Rack Set - 5 Hook Organizer + 1 Single Hook Bonus - Storage Hanger Value Pack, Chrome Product review: I use this for my daughter's room.  It is a great organizer and she loves it!


Product name: Sanitizing Wipes for Hands + Surface. Extra Large Antibacterial Sanitizer Wipes. Alcohol-Free. (1 canister (150 wipes)) Product review: I use these to clean my hands after using the bathroom and before eating, they are great!  I have a lot of hand soaps that don't work well on me.


Product name: Heaven Fresh Aroma Luxury Fixed Showerhead HF 501 with Vitamic C and Negative Ions Product review: This is a great shower head.  I have had it for about 2 years now, and the only thing that has changed on this unit was to replace the filter (which came out of the box).


Product name: Soap Club Handmade Natural Beechwood Soap Dish Product review: I love this soap dish.  It is a little smaller than the one that came with my soap, but it's still perfect for me and fits in perfectly on top of my sink.


Product name: Organize It All Closet Doubler Product review: I love this product.  I have a small closet and it is so hard to find things when you need them! This makes my life much easier, especially since I am on the road alot.


Product name: Sheet DRAWSTRING FASTENED Product review: I have used this product for years.  I use it to draw on my walls and also as a way of keeping the kids from drawing all over them when they are playing with crayons or markers.


Product name: Clear Plastic Fillable Light Bulbs - Set of 10 - Candy or Crafts Product review: These are great for making a lighted Christmas tree.  I used them to make my own lights and they worked perfectly!


Product name: Basic Grey 5/8-Inch-by-1/32-Inch Magnetic Snaps Large. Product review: I use these to hold my magnetic letters on the fridge and they work great!  I have a lot of magnets so it's nice that you can just stick them in there without having to worry about getting your fingers caught up in them.


Product name: Pleasant Hearth Preston 3 Panel Fireplace Screen Product review: I have a fireplace in my basement and this screen is perfect for keeping the fire from going out.  I can easily move it around to keep the heat where I want it, but not too close or else you get smoke all over your house!

Product name: Wooden Clip-On Armchair Table with Protective Lip Product review: I bought this for my daughter's room.  She loves it and uses it every day!  It is sturdy, easy to clean up after her playtime, and looks great in the room!


Product name: Miles Kimball Liquid Stitch - 2 Fl. Oz. Product review: I have used this product for years and it is still going strong!  I use it to stitch on my own handmade items, as well as the ones that are purchased from other crafters or sellers online.


Product name: FlyCushion Seat Cushion with Travel Carry Bag, Ultra-Comfortable 100% Memory Foam, Reduces Lower Back Pain, Lightweight, Perfect for Flying, Driving, Office Use and More Product review: I have a hard time finding the right seat cushion.  This one is perfect!  It's not too firm or soft but just right. It fits my chair perfectly.


Product name: Universal Thermostatic Ceiling Fan and Light Remote Control Conversion Kit Product review: I have a fan that is not working.  I was able to get it fixed by replacing the motor with one from another fan, but now my ceiling light does not work anymore.


Product name: Honey-Can-Do GAR-01124 Expandable Bar Garment Rack, Chrome/Black Product review: I have a large closet and this is the perfect solution for organizing my clothes.  I can easily put away all of my shirts in one place without having to fold them up or hang them on hooks.


Product name: Defianz Adjustable Stand | Bed Table | Breakfast Tray | Breakfast Table | Laptop Stand | Portable Table | Folding Table | Bed Tray | Laptop Tray | Portable Stand | Product review: I have a laptop and it is very heavy.  I use this to hold my laptop while working on the computer or reading books, etc... It works great!


Product name: ekSel COOL Cooking Baking BBQ Oven Grill Gloves Pan Holders Heat Resistant Kevlar Flexible 2 Pack (1 Pair) Product review: I use these for my grill and they work great.  I have a small one that fits in the oven, but this is perfect for grilling on the deck or patio.


Product name: Zenith/Bathware 7653SS Chrome Toilet Paper Holder, 3-Roll Product review: I have a small bathroom and this is the perfect size for me.  I use it to hold my toilet paper roll in place while I'm using the restroom.


Product name: Whitmor 6056-37 Supreme Kitchen Cart Product review: I love this cart.  It is very sturdy and easy to clean up after use. It has a lot of storage space for my kitchen needs, but it's not too big that you can't fit in your car or truck when going out shopping

Product name: Envision Home 422300 Trivet Mat, 11 by 17-Inch, Black Product review: I have a small kitchen and this is the perfect size for my pots.  I use it to keep them from sliding around on the counter top when they are not in use.


Product name: Royal's Solid Chocolate 4pc King / California-King Waterbed-Sheets 100-Percent Brushed Microfiber, Sateen Solid Sheet Set Product review: I have a water bed and these sheets are great.  I use them with my son who is 3 years old. He loves to lay on the sheet and watch me sleep!


Product name: Paper Smooches Stitched Die Product review: I love this die.  I used it to make a card for my sister's birthday and she loved the way it turned out!


Product name: OXO Good Grips Stainless Steel Rotating Utensil Holder Product review: I use this for my stainless steel knife and it works great.  I have a small kitchen, so the size is perfect.


Product name: Master Cut Tibet Himalayan High Altitude Natural Clear Crystal Quartz Collectible Skull Skeleton Realistic Carving 6.14 Inch 1968 Grams Healing Reiki Spiritual Product review: I have had this for a few months now and it is working great! It has helped me with my anxiety, depression, insomnia, etc...I highly recommend this product to anyone who needs help in these areas.


Product name: Over the Cabinet Hairdryer Holder & Organizer Product review: I use this to hold my hair dryers and it works great.  I have a small cabinet in which I keep them, but now they are all together on one shelf!


Product name: 8-pieces Brown Ivory Sand Hotel Duvet Cover with Sheet Set, King Product review: I have a king size bed and this is the perfect duvet cover.  I use it on my queen sized mattress, but if you are using a full or twin size mattress then you will need to purchase an additional one for your extra pillow.

Product name: Rubbermaid Product review: I have a small kitchen and this is the perfect size for my needs.  I use it as an extra cutting board, serving platter or even to hold some of my spices while cooking.


Product name: Gymnastics Back Handspring Chalk Vinyl Wall Decal Sticker Product review: I love this! It is a great way to decorate my gym.  I have it on the wall and in my locker, so that everyone knows where they are going when they come into the gym


Product name: Utopia Bedding 4pc Microfiber Bed Sheet Set Product review: I have a king size bed and this sheet set is perfect for it.  I use the sheets on my couch as well, so they are very soft to sit on.


Product name: Tin sign garage wall design BSA Lightning Red Metal plate 8x12" Product review: I have a metal roof on my house and this is perfect for the front of it.  I can't wait to put up some Christmas lights!


Product name: Best Futon Lounger Sit Lounge Sleep Smaller Size Furniture is Perfect for College Dorm Bedroom Studio Apartment Guest Room Covered Patio Porch. KEY KITTY Key Chain INCLUDED Product review: I bought this to go with my new couch.  It works great and looks awesome!  I would recommend it highly!!


Product name: Elgin 3675E Battery-Operated Analog Alarm Clock Product review: I have had this alarm clock for about a year now.  It is very reliable and has never failed to wake me up on time, even when the battery was dead!


Product name: 3-Way Adjustable Heavy Duty Bed Sheet Fasteners Grippers Suspenders (Set of 4, Black) Product review: These are great for the price.  I use them to hold my sheets up while I'm sleeping and they work well.


Product name: Rustic Wood Wall Mounted Mail Sorter Key Hook Organizer Rack w/ Memo Bulletin Chalkboard Sign - MyGift Product review: I love this organizer.  I use it to store my mail and other items that need a home, but don't fit in the drawers of my desk or on top of the filing cabinet.


Product name: LUCID 2 Inch Gel Infused Ventilated Memory Foam Mattress Topper - 3-Year Warranty Product review: I have a memory foam mattress and this is the best.  I've had it for about two weeks now, and so far no complaints!


Product name: BLACK+DECKER PAV1200W 12-Volt Cyclonic-Action Automotive Pivoting-Nose Handheld Vacuum Cleaner Product review: I have a small shop and this is the best vacuum for my needs.  I use it to clean up after work, but also as an everyday cleaner in my car.


Product name: Steam Press Stand, 24-Inch High, Black Product review: I bought this for my son who is a big fan of the game.  He loves it and uses it all the time!


Product name: Dyson DC40 Multi Floor Upright Vacuum Cleaner- Factory Reconditioned Product review: I have had this for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it on the stairs, in my basement, garage, etc... It has never let me down!


Product name: Pure-Cotton Pillow Case Covers - (2-Pack) 100% Cotton for Maximum Softness and Easy Care, Elegant Double-Stitched Tailoring - By Utopia Bedding Product review: I have been using these covers since they were first released.  I love them!  They are soft and comfortable to sleep on.


Product name: Designer Window Film, Self Static Adhesive Cling Product review: I have a window in my bathroom that is not very well insulated.  I had to use this product on it and the results were great!  It was easy to install and looks really nice now.


Product name: Wildflower Pillar, Mixed Product review: I love this product.  I use it in my garden and on the deck to keep away bugs. It is very effective at keeping them out of our home!


Product name: Minecraft Wall Clings (Creeper Inside) Product review: I love these! They are a great way to decorate your walls.  I use them on my wall in the bathroom and they look awesome.


Product name: Soehnle Solar Star Scale Product review: I have a solar scale that works great.  I use it to weigh my produce and keep track of the calories in food items, but this one is much more convenient for me since I don't need to carry around anything else when I go shopping

Product name: Monet The Water Lillie - Framed Canvas Print Reproduction Product review: I love this print.  It is a great size for my wall and it looks so much like the original painting that I can't believe how close it came to being real!


Product name: Coghlan's Zipper Pulls Product review: I use these to keep my pants from falling down.  They are a little small, but they work great for me!


Product name: Cozy Beddings Dolphin Print 100-Percent Cotton 5-Piece Duvet Cover Set Product review: I love this duvet cover set.  I have a king size bed and it fits perfectly!  It is very soft, but not too fluffy or thick.


Product name: Berkey BT2X2-BB Travel Stainless Steel Water Filtration System with 2 Black Filter Elements Product review: I have been using this for about a year now and it has worked great.  I use it in the shower, on my bike, at work, etc...


Product name: Whirlpool Large Capacity Whole House Filtration Replacement Filter - WHKF-GD25BB Product review: I have a Kenmore refrigerator and it has been working great.  I was looking for something to replace the filter in my fridge, but this is not what I wanted.


Product name: Kirsch LockSeam Curtain Rod projection extensions Product review: I have a window that is not wide enough for the curtain rod.  I had to buy this and it works great!


Product name: Merrick Engineering - Heavy Duty Tubular Hanger Product review: I have used this for a few years now and it has held up well.  I use it to hang my bike on the wall, but also as an anchor when hanging pictures or other items from the ceiling.


Product name: Swarovski 2058/2088 Crystal Nail Art Mixed Flatbacks Rhinestones, Crystal AB (001 AB) Product review: I love these! They are very pretty and the colors are vibrant.  I have used them for a few different projects including my daughter's graduation card.


Product name: Perler Beads Large Clear Square Pegboards- 2 Count Product review: I have used these for a few years now and they are still going strong.  I use them to hang my beads on the wall, but also as an organizer when working with glass beads.


Product name: Howard Elliott 97006 Classic Antique Scrolled Footed Bowl, Aged Brown Product review: I love this bowl.  It is a great size and the color is beautiful!  I have it on my coffee table in front of me while watching TV or reading.


Product name: Pyramid Excel By Baltic Linen 100-Percent Ring Spun Cotton 12-Pack Washcloths Product review: I love these wash cloths.  They are soft and absorbent, but not too much so that they get soggy quickly.


Product name: Medium Strap Burse Product review: I have a small dog and this is the perfect size for her.  I use it to carry around my keys, wallet, etc...


Product name: Bacova Guild Sheffield Shower Curtain Hooks Product review: I have a shower curtain that is not working properly.  I was able to fix it by using the hook and loop tape on my sewing machine, but now I am afraid of ripping out all the stitches when I try to put it back together

Product name: Pillow Perfect Indoor/Outdoor Black/Yellow Floral Seat Cushion Round, 2-Pack Product review: I have a very small dog and this pillow is perfect for her.  She sleeps on it at night and she loves to snuggle up with me in bed when we are watching TV or reading.


Product name: Disney Cars Pop Up Hamper Product review: I love this! It is a great way to keep my son's toys organized and out of the way.  I have used it for years now, but just recently got one with more storage space.


Product name: Mele & Co. Maria Plush Fabric Jewelry Box with Twenty-four Sections Product review: I love this box! It is so cute and the fabric inside is soft, but not too fluffy or thick to be a pain in my neck when trying to get it out of the box.


Product name: La Crosse Technology  WT-5220U-IT Projection Alarm Clock with Indoor/Outdoor Temperature Product review: I have had this for a few years now and it works great.  I use it in my office, but also outside on the deck when we are having company over.


Product name: 400 pcs 2mm - 6mm Resin Crystal AB round Rhinestones Flatback Mix SIZE ~ M1 - 30 Product review: I love these! They are so pretty and sparkly.  I use them for my jewelry box, but they also look great on a necklace or bracelet too.


Product name: Ranger DIS-27164 Tim Holtz Distress Ink Pad, Spun Sugar Product review: I love this ink pad.  I use it for all my distress inks and have found that the colors are vibrant and true to color.


Product name: Uk Union Jack / USA United States Flag Sherpa Fleece Couch Throw Blanket Product review: I bought this for my son who is a huge fan of the US flag.  He loves it and uses it as his bed cover at night!


Product name: Clara Clark Shredded Memory Foam Gel Fiber-Filled Cool All Side Sleeper Bed Pillow, with Rayon made from Bamboo Colored Washable Hypoallergenic Zippered Removable Cover, Natural Supportive Alignment, May Reduce Snoring, Migrants, Back & Neck Pain Product review: I have a very sensitive neck and back.  I use this pillow for sleeping at night to help my neck/back pain. It is the best!


Product name: Blue Sky Tealight Candles, White, Unscented. Product review: I love these candles! They are so pretty and smell great too!!  I use them in my bathroom to make it feel more spa-like.


Product name: O2-Cool 10-Inch Portable Fan Product review: I have a fan that is not working.  I was looking for something to replace it with and this fit the bill perfectly!  It's small, lightweight, easy to carry around in my purse or backpack.


Product name: Moroccan Style Candle Lanterns - Great for Patio, Indoors/Outdoors, Events, Parties and Weddings Product review: I bought these to use as a centerpiece at my wedding.  They were perfect!  I used them on the tables in front of our cake table and they looked great with all the flowers around it.


Product name: Short Boots Rain Size Ankle Women Garden Fashion Rubber New Print Shoes Color Product review: I have a pair of these and they are great.  I wear them to work, but also for casual outings as well. They fit true to size and the quality is good.


Product name: Kittrich Corp - Virtu Blk Contact Paper Product review: I use this for my contact paper.  It is a little more expensive than the other brands, but it works great and lasts longer than any of the others that I have tried.


Product name: Miles Kimball Flour Bag Plastic Storage Container Product review: I use this for my flour and sugar.  It is a great way to keep the items organized in one place, but it does not hold up well against humidity or heat.


Product name: Betsey Johnson 3 Piece Twin Sheet Set Product review: I love this set.  I have a twin bed and it is so comfortable to sleep on!  It's also very easy to clean, just throw in the wash with no need for dryer sheets or anything else.


Product name: ArtBin Solutions 1-Compartment Box- X-Large Clear Craft Storage Container, 3901AB Product review: I use this for my craft supplies.  I have a lot of small items that need to be stored in one place and it works great!


Product name: Spectrum Diversified Bubble Coasters, Set of 4, Clear Product review: Great for the price.  I use them in my pool and they are great!  They don't get stuck on anything or break easily like some other coaster sets I have tried.


Product name: Jesse James Beads 5752 Inspirations Glitz and Glam Bead Product review: I love these beads! They are so pretty, but they don't break easily.  I have a lot of them on my bracelet now.


Product name: Down and Feather Blend Pillow - 50% White Goose Down & 50% Feather Product review: I have been using this for a few years now.  I love it!  It is the perfect weight, softness, and warmth to my head at night.


Product name: Tyent UCE-11 Under Counter Water Ionizer - Next Generation - Healthy Anti-Oxidant Ionized Water - pH Range from 2pH - 12pH* - 11 Plates - 750 Watts of Power - Alkaline Water Generator - Turbo Mode - Top of the Line - Designed for High End Kitchens Product review: I have had this water ionizer for about a month now and it is working great.  I use it in my kitchen, bathroom, office, etc... It has been very easy to install and clean up after each time you use your machine.

Product name: Pack of 100 small plastic Knitting Crochet Locking Stitch Markers by Curtzy TM Product review: I use these for crocheting and knitting.  They are very easy to find the right color, but they do not stay on my yarn well enough so that it is difficult to see where you have made a mistake.


Product name: Household Essentials Organizer Product review: I use this for my makeup and it works great.  I have a lot of lipsticks, eye shadows, mascara etc...and they all stay in place!


Product name: AmazonBasics Reversible Microfiber Comforter Product review: I love this comforters.  It is very soft and comfortable, but it does not have a zipper so you can't put your own pillowcase on top of the cover to keep it clean.


Product name: Whirlpool Whispure Air Purifier HEPA Air Cleaner Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it is working great.  I am very happy with the purchase, but would like to see more airflow options in the future.


Product name: "DURSTON" 1604 Reversible Ingot Mould Top Quality Product review: I have used this mould for years.  I use it to make my own jewelry and also as a mold for making other items such as soap, candles etc...


Product name: Darice Suction Cup without Hooks, 20mm Product review: I use this for my son's hair.  It works great and is easy to clean up after he has finished using it.


Product name: Natural Comfort super soft Anchor Band White Mattress Pad Product review: I have a memory foam mattress and this pad is great.  I use it on my side, back, stomach and even in the middle of the night when I wake up to go to bed.


Product name: Avarada 16x16 Inch (40x40 cm) Solid Floral Bouquet Decorative Throw Pillow Case Cushion Cover for Sofa Couch Chair Bed Insert Not Included Zipper Product review: I bought this to use as a throw pillow.  It is very soft and comfortable, but it does not stay in place on the couch or chair when you sit down.


Product name: 50 - Country Brook Design 1 Inch Heavy Welded D-Rings Product review: I have used these for years.  They are the best way to attach a water bottle or other item to my bike without using velcro, and they work great!


Product name: Travelmate Memory Foam Neck Pillow, Dark Blue Product review: I have a hard time sleeping on my back.  I use this pillow to help me sleep better and it works great!


Product name: Trimmer Mother of Pearl Polyresin Toilet Seats In Pearl White With Dolphins And Coral Product review: I have a toilet seat that is not working properly.  I had to replace it with this one because the original was falling apart and would not hold my weight.


Product name: La Crosse Technology WS-7014CH-IT Wireless Forecast Station Product review: I have a small business and this is the best way to keep track of my customers.  I can see when they are coming in, what time they arrive, how long it takes them to get there etc...


Product name: Royal Mystique Vinyl Zippered Mattress Cover - Waterproof, Heavy Duty Vinyl Mattress Protector - by Shop Bedding Product review: I bought this for my son's bed.  He has a waterbed and it was very easy to install. It is not as heavy duty as the original mattress cover but he does like that it is vinyl so it will last longer than other covers

Product name: Lily's Home® Flameless Ivory Pillar Candles with Remote Control, Set of 3 Product review: I love these candles.  They are very pretty and smell great!  I have them in my bathroom as well as the bedroom.


Product name: LoRan Norwegian Knitting Thimble Product review: I love this thimbler.  I use it for knitting and crocheting, but also as a tool to hold my scissors while cutting fabric or yarn.


Product name: IRIS 10-Piece Supply Storage Case Product review: I have a lot of small items that need to be stored.  This is the perfect solution for me!  I can easily store my pens, pencils and other office supplies in this case.


Product name: Couple's Terry Cloth Bathrobe Egyptian Cotton Unisex/One Size Luxurious Soft Plush Elegant Luxor Linens San Marco Product review: I bought this for my husband and he loves it.  He says that the material is soft, but not too soft to be uncomfortable.


Product name: Embroidery Hoop - 4" x 4" - PRH100 Replacement - for Brother PR600 PR600II PR600C PR620 PR620II PR650 PR650E PR1000 PR1000E Babylock EMP6 BMP6 BMP8 BMP9 ENT10- Generic PRH100 EPF100 Replacement Product review: I have a lot of embroidered items and this hoop is great.  I use it to stitch on my own designs, but also as an alternative when using the machine's built in design feature.


Product name: Indian White Mandala Tapestry, Indian Hippie Wall Hanging, Bohemian Wall Hanging, Bedspread Beach Coverlet Throw Decor Art Product review: I love this! It is so soft and comfortable.  I have it in my bedroom as a throw pillow for when I am watching TV or reading.


Product name: Commercial Grade Adjustable Garment Rack Product review: I have a large closet and this is the perfect solution for hanging my clothes.  I can easily reach all of them without having to bend over or stoop down.


Product name: Ikea Wall Clock White (2 Pack) 9.75" Product review: The clock is very cute and the colors are great!  I have it on my wall in a place where people can see it, but not too close to me so that they will be able to read what time it says.


Product name: #2 Bathroom Rules wash your hands brush your teeth flush floss hang up your towel replace empty toiltet paper please put the seat down turn off the lights. cute inspirational home bathroom vinyl wall quotes decals sayings art lettering Product review: I love this! It is so much fun and makes a great gift for any occasion. The colors are vibrant, but not too bright or garish. Great quality product that will last forever.


Product name: Best Living 4-Tier Corner Shelf, Bamboo Product review: I have a small kitchen and this shelf is perfect for my spices.  I can easily reach them without having to bend over or stoop down.


Product name: AmazonBasics Kids Velvet Hangers - 30 Pack Product review: Great for the price.  I use these to hang my daughter's clothes in her closet and they are very sturdy, but not too heavy or bulky.


Product name: X-Large Cross Wing Fill 13" x 15.5" Rhinestone Transfer Iron On Product review: I love this product! It is so easy to use and the results are amazing!! The only thing that would make it better for me, if you could add a little more of your own design on top of mine...


Product name: Impressions Microfiber Duvet Cover Set Product review: I love this duvet cover set.  I have a king size bed and it fits perfectly on my mattress, but the pillow case is too small for me so I use an extra pillowcase to make up for that.


Product name: Dirt Devil SD20000RED Simpli-Stik Lightweight Bagless Stick Vacuum - Corded Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it is working great.  I use it to clean my car, the house, etc... It does not get clogged easily at all.


Product name: Hayley Cherie - Square Gift Card Box with Rhinestone Slider & Ribbon. Wedding Theme, Textured White 10" X 10" Product review: I bought this for my daughter's wedding and she loved it! It was a great size to hold her gift cards in the box as well as some other items that were included.


Product name: La Crosse Technology WS-8117U-IT-AL Atomic Wall Clock with Indoor/Outdoor Temperature Product review: I have had this clock for about a year now and it is still going strong.  I use it in my office, on the boat, at home, etc... It has never failed to work as expected.


Product name: 50 Years of Love, #119, Poem Gift Present For A 50th Wedding Anniversary Product review: I bought this for my husband and he loved it.  He said that the poem was very sweet and appropriate to our anniversary.


Product name: Snazaroo Knight Role Play Face Painting Kit Product review: I love this kit! It is easy to use and the colors are vibrant.  I have used it on my son's face, but also for a friend who has had cancer treatment.


Product name: Star Products 17-Inch by 22-Inch by 2-Inch Dura Tote Classic Black Poly Portfolio Product review: I love this bag.  It is a great size for my laptop and other small items, but it's not as big as some of the larger bags that are available on Amazon or elsewhere.


Product name: Easy Care Fabrics Lace Window Curtain Drape Panel Treatment, 58 by 84-Inch, White Product review: I have a window in my bathroom that is not very large.  I was looking for something to cover it up and this fit the bill perfectly!  It's easy to install as well.


Product name: Zenith Products Space Saver Leg Extensions Product review: I have a pair of these and they are great.  I use them to keep my legs from getting tired when sitting at the computer all day long.


Product name: C-Lon Bead Cord, Red Hot Product review: I have used this for years.  I use it to make a variety of jewelry items and also as an emergency cord when needed.


Product name: Viva Decor.8-Ounce Gold Precious Metal Liquid Color Product review: I love this product.  I use it on my nails and also as a base coat for acrylics, but the best part is that you can mix your own colors with it!


Product name: Mod Podge Mod Mold Product review: I used this to make a picture frame for my son's room.  It worked great and was easy to use!


Product name: BestGrew® Super Large 70.8''x66.9'' Colorful Owl Big Bending Tree Wall Stickers Removable Wall Decal Sticker,Super for Girls and Boys Nursery Baby Room Children's Bedroom Product review: I love this wall sticker! It is very easy to apply and looks great on my walls. The only thing that would make it better is if the colors were a little more vibrant but other than that its perfect!!


Product name: White Green Plastic Compressed Vacuum Space Hand Air Deflation Pump Product review: I have a small hand pump that is not very powerful.  This one works great and has been working well for me since it was purchased in 2012.


Product name: Zenith MC40WW, Colonial Arched Medicine Cabinet, White Product review: I love this cabinet.  It is very sturdy and looks great in my bathroom!  I have a small medicine cabinet but it fits perfectly on the wall next to my toilet.


Product name: Cosmos ® 50 Pcs Anchor Sign Charms Pendants Jewelry Making Accessory Product review: I love these! They are so cute and easy to make.  I use them as a gift for my friends who have babies or small children, they always get lots of compliments on the little charms that you can easily attach with hot glue

Product name: Bissell Cleanview Deluxe Corded Handheld Vacuum, 47R51 Product review: I have had this vacuum for about a year now and it is still going strong.  I use it to clean my car every week or so.


Product name: URPOWER 2nd Version Essential Oil Diffuser, 100ml Aroma Essential Oil Cool Mist Humidifier with Adjustable Mist Mode,Waterless Auto Shut-off and 7 Color LED Lights Changing for Home Office Baby Product review: I love this diffuser.  It is very quiet and the colors are beautiful!  I use it in my office to help me relax after a long day at work.


Product name: 1500 Supreme Collection Bedskirt/Dust Ruffle Deep Pocket - All Sizes, 12 Colors Product review: I bought this for my daughter and she loves it.  It is a little big but that's ok with her.


Product name: Tropical Silk Orchid Corsage White/Fuchsia - Wedding Corsage Prom Product review: I ordered this for my daughter's wedding.  It was a hit!  She loved it and wore it to the reception.


Product name: Doctor Who, POLICE BOX- *EMBOSSED / STAMPED* WALL SIGN - All ALUMINUM 4" x 18" Product review: I have a wall in my office that is covered with these.  I love them!  They are very sturdy and look great on the wall.


Product name: Teflon Coated Ironing Board Cushioned Pad and Cover Set. Product review: I have a hard time finding an iron that is not too hot or cold, but this one seems to be just right for me! It's easy to clean up after use as well.


Product name: Conso CON1140.B1 Trimming Conso Princess I Rayon French Gimp Natural Product review: This is a great product for the price! It's very soft and comfortable to wear, but it does not stretch out as much as other gimps do.  I would recommend this to anyone who wants something that looks like real hair without spending too

Product name: The Elixir Deco 1" Self Adhesive Hook and Loop 1 2 5 10 yards Sticky Back Tape Straps Roll Fabric Fastener Product review: I used this to make a curtain for my daughter's room.  It was easy to install, but it took some time because of the sticky back tape.


Product name: Premier Comfort Liquid Cotton Blanket Product review: I have a very sensitive skin and this is the best blanket for me.  I use it in bed, on my lap or even as an extra pillow when traveling.


Product name: Glitter Fairy Butterfly Wings, Newborn, Baby, Photography prop CHOOSE Colors Product review: I used this for a photo shoot and it was perfect.  I had to use the glue on my own but that's no big deal.


Product name: Rev-A-Shelf Replacement Waste Bin White Product review: I have a small kitchen and this is perfect for the trash can.  I use it in my office as well, so that's why I gave 4 stars instead of 5.


Product name: d-c-fix® Like-Contact (self adhesive vinyl film) Woodgrain Medium Oak 67.5cm x 2m 346-8017 Product review: I used this to cover a large area of my kitchen counter and it looks great!  I have not had any problems with the product or installation, so far.


Product name: 3 Piece Cat Paw Print Rubber Stamp Set Product review: I love this set! It is so cute and the stamps are great quality.  I use them for scrapbooking, card making, etc...


Product name: Songmics 10 Tiers Shoe Rack with Cover Closet Shoe Storage Cabinet Organizer Product review: I have a shoe rack that is not very sturdy.  I was looking for something more durable and this fits the bill perfectly!


Product name: Hurricane 360 Spin Mop Replacement Head Product review: I have a very hard time getting the mop head to spin.  I tried several different ways and finally gave up on it.


Product name: Bedsack Classic Mattress Pad Product review: I have a memory foam mattress and this pad is great for when you need to get up in the middle of the night.  I use it on my side, but if your bed has a center support then you can put it anywhere!


Product name: Personalized Family Name Sign 11x21 "The Mansfield" Product review: I love this sign.  I have it hanging in my kitchen and everyone who comes to visit loves seeing the family names on our wall!


Product name: FACILLA® Apple Folding Handbag Purse Metal Rhinestone Hook Hanger Holder Keyring Product review: I love this! It's a great size and it holds my keys, lipstick, etc.  I use it to hold the keychain for my car when we go out on dates or just hanging around at home.


Product name: 30pc Antiqued Bronze Cross Connector Bracelet Connector Links 2"x 7/8" Product review: I love this bracelet.  It is very comfortable and easy to wear, but it does not look cheap at all!


Product name: Household Essentials 175 Flexible Iron Cord Minder | Silver Powder Coated | 18-Inch High Product review: I have a lot of ironing to do and this is the best.  I use it on my clothes, sheets, towels etc... It's easy to clean up after you're done with your iron!


Product name: VonHaus Body Fat Scale - BMI Weight Scale with Body Composition Analyser, Hydration Monitor, 400lb Weight Capacity, Silver/Glass Bathroom Weight Scales Product review: I have been using this scale for a few months now and it is great.  I weigh myself every morning before work to make sure that my weight stays consistent throughout the day.


Product name: OXO Good Grips SimplyTear Standing Paper Towel Holder, Brushed Stainless Steel Product review: I use this for my son's school lunches.  He loves it and uses it every day!  I have a few of these in different colors so he can choose his favorite one to carry with him at lunch time.


Product name: Beadaholique Clear Rubber Bullet Clutch Earring Safety Backs (144) Product review: I have been wearing these for a few years now and they are still going strong.  I wear them with my wedding ring, but also use them as earrings when I go out to dinner or the movies.


Product name: Home It Bra Wash Bag Product review: I use this for my bras and panties.  I have a very sensitive skin, so it is important to me that the wash cloths are soft enough not to scratch or irritate my skin. This one does just fine!


Product name: Z by MALOUF DUO-LATEX Two-Sided Talalay Latex Plush and Firm Pillow Product review: I have a very sensitive skin, so this pillow is perfect for me.  I use it at night to help with my back pain from sleeping on the hard floor.


Product name: Bare Cotton Luxury Hotel and Spa Bath Towels, Striped, White, Set of 4 Product review: These are great towels.  I use them for my hotel room as well as the beach house I rent out in Florida.


Product name: Spectrum Euro Large Mug Holder Product review: I use this for my coffee mug and it works great.  I have a small kitchen so the space is limited, but this fits perfectly in there!


Product name: Generic One Package of 400 feet 100% Natural Hemp Cord #20 Product review: I have used this for a few years now and it works great.  I use it to make my own hemp rope, which is much stronger than the stuff you can buy at your local hardware store.


Product name: Brushed Nickel Metal Dispenser Replacement Pump Product review: I have a small pump that is not working.  I was able to find this replacement and it works great!


Product name: Asurion 2-Year Housewares Protection Plan ($200-$250) Product review: I have had this for a few years now and it has held up well.  I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for an extra layer of protection against scratches, dents or other damage that may occur while using their product.


Product name: Amazing Wedding Artificial White Babysbreath Latex Real Touch Pu Flower Product review: I love this! It's a great way to add some color and fun to your baby shower.  I used it for my son's first birthday party, but you can use it any time of the year.


Product name: Bekith 12 Pack Space Saver Vacuum Seal Storage Bags 3 Medium size + 3 Large size +2 X-Large size + 4 Travel Bags Product review: I use these for my vacuum cleaner.  They are a great way to store the bags and keep them from getting lost or damaged in your bag.


Product name: Chezmoi Collection White Goose Down Alternative Comforter Product review: I love this comforters.  It is very soft and comfortable, but it does not have a zipper to keep the stuffing in place.


Product name: Darice 06121-2-03 Pony Beads 9mm 1,000/Pkg Product review: I have used these beads for years.  They are very easy to work with and the colors are great!


Product name: Espritte Art-Large Black and White Gorgeous Flower, Picture Painting on Canvas Print, Modern Home Decorations Wall Art set of 3 Each is 40*60cm #D01-018 Product review: I love this painting.  It's a great size for my wall in the living room. It looks so much better than any other picture that I have seen online or at stores.


Product name: Darice 1123-71 Door Hanger, 12-Inch, White 1-Piece Product review: I have a door hanger that is too small for my door.  I was looking to get something bigger and this fits the bill perfectly!


Product name: Misslo Hanging Closet Dual-Sided Organizers Product review: I have a small closet and these are great.  I use them to store my shoes, socks, etc., but they also make it easy for me to find things when I need them!


Product name: Neato Pet & Allergy Upgrade Kit for Neato XV Series Robot Vacuums Product review: I have a Neat Oven and it works great.  I use the filter to remove pet hair from my oven, but this is not necessary if you don't want your pets in there!


Product name: Twixit! Linden Sweden Bag Clips, White/Lime/Turquoise/Cobalt, Set of 2 Super 6 Large 8 Medium and 10 Small Product review: I use these to hold my bag in place when I'm on the go.  They are a little small for me but they work great.


Product name: InterestPrint Bible Verse Waterproof Polyester Fabric 60"(w) x 72"(h) Shower Curtain and Hooks Product review: I bought this for my daughter's bathroom.  She loves it!  It is very soft, but not too flimsy or thin like some of the other ones we have tried.


Product name: The Kitchen - dinner choices: take it or leave it vinyl lettering wall decal sticker Product review: I love this product.  I have used it on my kitchen cabinets and the kids room, but now that we are moving into a new house, I will be using it in our bedroom as well!


Product name: US Flag Thin Blue Line Patch for Police and Law Enforcement with Hook/Loop Backing (3.5x2.25 in.) Product review: I have a lot of these on my uniform, but this one is the best so far! It's not too big or small, it fits perfectly over your badge.


Product name: Lasko #2510 Tower Fan, 36-Inch, White Product review: I have a small office and this fan is great.  It's quiet enough to not disturb others in the room but it does keep my desk cool when I need it.


Product name: 2 Plastic Shoes Stretchers Tree Keeper Men Women Pro Size 13 Shaper 2 Way Pair! Product review: I have a pair of these and they are great.  I use them to hold my shoes on the shelf in our closet, but also for holding up my pants when I'm wearing shorts or skirts.


Product name: Violet Linen Vintage Apron Product review: I love this apron.  I have a few of them and they are all different colors, so it's fun to mix up the ones that you wear!


Product name: Mi-Zone Libra Comforter Set, Twin/ Twin X-Large, Blue Product review: I bought this for my son who is a twin.  He loves it and sleeps well on it!


Product name: Lineco Self-Adhesive Polyester Mounting Corners -.5" Clear (240/Pkg.) Product review: I have used these for years.  They are the best way to mount a picture on your wall or door without having it fall off and get lost in the shuffle of other pictures.


Product name: Edupress Classroom Clothesline (EP62449) Product review: I have used this for years.  I use it to hang my clothes on the line and then they dry in no time at all!


Product name: Classic Brands Defend-A-Bed Ultimate Extra Plush Double Thick Bamboo-Rayon Fitted Mattress Topper Product review: I have a memory foam mattress and this is the best.  I've had it for about 2 months now, and so far no complaints!


Product name: Wallies Wall Decals, Big Reusable Chalkboard Wall Sticker, 25-inch x 38-inch Product review: I love these! They are so easy to use and they look great on my wall.  I have a lot of them in different colors already but this is the first time that I've used them all at once.


Product name: Hangerworld 72" Pink Breathable Dress Cover Bag - Internal Pocket & 8" Gusset Product review: I love this bag.  I use it for my laptop, and the strap is long enough to hold a purse or other small items without having to take out of your handbag.


Product name: Organic Spillproof Air Freshener Hawaiian Gardens Scent 3pk Product review: I love this air fresher.  It is a great way to keep the smell of your home from being overpowering when you are away for work or vacation!


Product name: Granite Gold Daily Cleaner GG0029, 24-Ounce Product review: I use this product to clean my granite countertops.  It works great and is easy to apply.


Product name: Shinco YPO608C 8,000 BTU Portable AC Product review: I have a small RV and this is the best portable air conditioner.  I use it in my camper when we go on vacation or camping.


Product name: Desktop Cable Management Cable Organizer for power cords and charging accessory cables Product review: I use this to organize my charger cord.  I have a lot of different types, so it's great that there is one place where they all go!


Product name: Stretchy 18 Colors Packaged Cancer Awareness Bracelet- 6mm Product review: I have a lot of bracelets and this one is the best.  I wear it every day to remind me that cancer can be cured!


Product name: Decorative 6" Key Tassel / RUST GOLD / Baroque Collection Style# BKT Color: CINNAMON TOAST - 6122 Product review: I love this key chain.  It is very pretty and the color is perfect for my office!


Product name: #1 Bed Sheet Set 1800 Series 6 Piece Bed Sheet Set With Deep Pocket - Includes 4 Pillowcases, 1 Fitted Sheet, 1 Flat Sheet - Double Brushed, Luxury, soft, comfort, hypoallergenic - Same Great Price With 2 EXTRA Pillowcases - 100% Lifetime and Moneyback Guarantee Product review: I have a king size bed.  I bought this sheet set for my son who is allergic to the pillow case material. He sleeps on his side with no problem at all!


Product name: FULL SIZE 1500 Thread Count STRIPED Sheet set Product review: I have a king size bed and this is the perfect sheet for it.  I love how soft they are, but not too thin or thick.


Product name: Latin Cross and IHS Lace Altar Frontal Cloth Product review: This is a great cloth for the price.  I use it to cover my altar, but also as an extra towel when I'm not using it on the altar.


Product name: InterDesign Raphael Shower Caddy - Bathroom Shelves for Shampoo, Conditioner and Soap, Extra Large, Satin Product review: I have a small bathroom with no room to put anything on the counter.  This is perfect! It holds my shampoos, conditioners, etc., in place without taking up too much space.


Product name: Air Brush Kit Product review: I have used this brush for years.  I use it to clean my car and the house, but also as a makeup remover. It works great!


Product name: DC1700 Battery Operated Air Quality Monitor w/Accessories Product review: I have had this for about a year now and it has worked great.  I use it to monitor my home air quality, which is very important in the winter months when we are all cooped up inside.


Product name: Sunbeam Luxurious Velvet Plush Premiun Soft Heated Throw Blanket with 3 Heat Settings Digital Control and Auto-off - Cranberry Red Product review: I love this blanket.  It is so soft, warm and comfortable to sleep on!  I have a hard time sleeping in the winter because of my back pain but now that I've found this it's been great for me.


Product name: Classic Brands Reversible Cool Gel and Memory Foam Pillow, Standard Product review: I have a very hard time sleeping on my back.  I use this pillow to help me sleep better at night. It is comfortable for the price!


Product name: Ambient Weather WS-5300 Wireless Home Weather Station Product review: I have had this for about a month now and it works great.  I use the app to set up my weather, but also can see what is going on outside with the display.


Product name: The Headless Horseman Product review: I have a lot of books on my shelf and this is one that I will keep.  I like the way it's bound, but not sure if I'll use it much as I don't read many fantasy novels.


Product name: YouTang(TM) 18 Note Wind-up Wooden Music Box Musical Toys,Gold Movement---different Color and Tune Available Product review: I love this toy.  It is a great way to keep my son entertained while he sleeps!


Product name: Shave Well Fog Free Travel Mirror - Suction Cup Included - Portable Shaving Mirror - Nonfog mirror - Unbreakable Traveling Mirror - Fog Free Hanging Shower Mirror - No Fog Shaving Mirror Product review: I have used this for years.  I use it in the shower and on my face, but also as a shaver when traveling.


Product name: InterDesign Forma Bathroom Vanity Glass Apothecary Jar for Cotton Balls, Swabs, Cosmetic Pads - Medium, Clear/Pearl/Brass Product review: I love this product.  I use it to store cotton balls and swabs in my bathroom vanity. It is a great way to keep them organized without having to worry about losing any of the items that are stored inside!


Product name: Boston International Rustic Wooden Lantern, 16-Inch Product review: I love this lantern.  It is a great size and looks very nice on my porch. It has been used for many years now without any problems or issues.


Product name: Hangerworld Pack of 10 Clever Clips - Strong & Verstile - Use In The Home - Office - Workshop Product review: I use these to hang my clothes in the closet.  They are very sturdy and hold up well over time, but they do not stay put on the hanger if you have a lot of hanging space.


Product name: Neon Glitter-24 pc Set Product review: I love this set.  I use it for my daughter's room and she loves the colors!


Product name: Lucid by Linenspa 2" Ventilated Memory Foam Mattress Topper 3-Year Warranty Product review: I have a memory foam mattress and this is the best.  I've had it for about two weeks now, and so far no complaints!


Product name: King Sized Pillow Case - Zen Chi 100% 400 Thread Count Premium Pillow Case - Fits All King Pillows (20" X 36") Product review: I have a king size pillow and this is the perfect case for it.  I use it every night, even when traveling!


Product name: Lorraine Home Fashions Jackson 29 -inch x 36-inch Tier Curtain (set) Product review: I have a large window in my bedroom and this is the perfect size for it.  I love that you can adjust the height of the curtain to fit your needs!


Product name: Rooster Feathers, Peacock Green Laced Long Rooster Cape Feathers - 10 Pieces Product review: I have a lot of feathers and this is the best way to keep them organized.  I use it for my quilts as well!


Product name: Richland 3" X 6" Hand Poured Pillar Candle Product review: I love this candle.  It is a great size and the scent is wonderful!


Product name: Hamilton Beach True Air Odor Eliminator Product review: I have a small apartment and this is the best air freshener.  I use it in my car, too!


Product name: Bead Buddy, Design Save and Go Product review: I love this product.  I use it to make my own jewelry for a living!  It is so easy to use and makes the process of making your own beads much easier than using a machine or hand-made beads.


Product name: Prinz Homestead Wood Frame Product review: I have a small house and this is the perfect size for my needs.  I can store all of my books, magazines, etc in it without taking up too much space.


Product name: Household Essentials 3-Arm Portable Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer Product review: I have a small apartment and this is the best dryer for my needs.  I use it to wash clothes, hang them up on the line or in the closet.


Product name: BioPEDIC 4-Pack Bed Pillows with Built-In Ultra-Fresh Anti-Odor Technology, Standard Size, White Product review: I have a very sensitive nose and these are great.  I use them in my bed at night to keep the smell down.


Product name: SDBING City Night View Bathing Waterproof Bathroom Fabric Shower Curtain Product review: I bought this for my daughter's bathroom.  She loves it and so do we!  It is a little pricey but well worth the money.


Product name: Craftsman's Bench V Cutter 60 Ring Product review: I have a bench v-cutter and it works great.  I use it for cutting out the holes in my woodwork projects, but also to cut out circles from paper or cardstock.


Product name: Simple Deluxe Solid Orthopedic Foam Seat Cushion with Forever Cool Bamboo Cover Product review: I have a hard time finding orthopedics that are comfortable and don't hurt my back.  This one is great!  I use it in the car, at work, etc...


Product name: Martha Washington's Choice Bedspread with String Fringe Product review: I love this bedding.  I have a king size and it is perfect for my room. It has the look of an antique but not too old looking.


Product name: InterDesign Power Lock Suction, Bathroom or Shower Shaving Mirror with Razor Holder - Circular, Clear Product review: I have used this for years.  I use it in the shower and on my face. It is easy to clean up after shaving. The razor holder works well too!


Product name: Yodo Outdoor Water-Resistant Picnic Blanket Tote,Fall Winter Stripe Product review: I love this bag.  It is very roomy and has a lot of pockets for my stuff!  I use it to take camping trips with friends or just go out on the town.


Product name: Arctic Zone Pro 30 (24+6) Can Zipperless Cooler Product review: I have a small cooler that is used for my lunch and drinks.  I use it to keep the food cold while on the go, but when I am at home or in the office I prefer to just put ice cubes into it.


Product name: Sawyer Products Mini Water Filtration System Product review: I have been using this for a few years now.  It works great and is easy to use, but it does not filter out the chlorine in my water so I still need to add an extra dose of chlorine every time I shower or swim.

Product name: Deconovo Microfiber Towels Ultra Compact Absorbent and Fast Drying Sport Towel with a Bag Lightweight Beach Towels for Travel Product review: I use these towels in the pool, beach, gym.  They are very absorbent and dry quickly after being wet. They also have an extra layer of protection from chlorine or salt water.


Product name: Thule Roof Rack Load Bars, Set of 2 Product review: I have a roof rack on my car and these fit perfectly.  I used them to carry some extra gear for camping trips.


Product name: Seychelle pH2O Pure Water 28oz Flip Top Water Bottle with PH Enhancing and Radiological Filter Product review: I love this water bottle.  It is easy to clean, holds a lot of water for my needs (I drink about 2 liters per day) and it has an excellent seal on the lid so that you don't have to worry about leaks

Product name: BV Bike Light Set, Bicycle LED Headlight and Taillight Set, Quick-Release, Weather Resistant, 1 YEAR WARRANTY, Easy to Install Cycling Safety Flashlight Product review: I have a bike that is not very bright.  I was looking for something with more light than the standard headlamp on my helmet. This fits the bill perfectly! It's easy to install and works great.


Product name: Outdoor Research Helios Sun Hat Product review: I have used this hat for a couple of years now and it has held up well.  I use it in the summer when I am outside working on my bike or hiking, but also wear it during winter months as well to keep me warm.

Product name: Coghlan's Bug Jacket Product review: I have used this for years.  I use it to keep my bug spray from getting on the ground and then being tracked in by a dog or cat, but also as an emergency blanket when camping.


Product name: Continental Ultra Sport II Fold Bike Tire Product review: I have a bike with a 26 inch wheel and this tire is too small.  I had to go up one size in order for it to fit my tires properly.


Product name: Faswin Outdoor Tactical Backpack, Military Camping Hiking Trekking Bag for Military Gear, Laptops, Travel, Man Bags (Black) Product review: I have used this backpack on several trips and it has held up well.  I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a good quality pack that will hold all of their gear without being too heavy or bulky.


Product name: Enzo's ButtonHole Chamois Cream, 8oz Product review: I use this on my bike and it works great.  I have a small cut in the middle of one side that is very painful to ride with. This has helped immensely!


Product name: BV Bicycle Metal Water Bottle Cage, Black Product review: I have a bike with a water bottle cage and this is the best way to keep it from falling off.  I use it on my road bike as well as my mountain bike.


Product name: Kwik Tek Dry Pak Waterproof Duffel Bag Product review: I use this for my work and it is great.  I have a lot of stuff in there, so if you need to carry something heavy or bulky, this will be your best bet!


Product name: Econoled Men's Trendy "Colonial" Italian Style Messenger Bag with Leather Straps US Best seller Product review: I love this bag.  It is a great size for my laptop and other small items, but it does not have any pockets or compartments to hold larger items like books or water bottles.


Product name: Third Eye Foam Helmet Mount Bicycle Mirror Product review: I have a helmet with no visor and this works great.  I can see the road while riding, but it is not as bright or clear as my old one that had a full-face shield.


Product name: Outdoor Research Active Ice Ubertube Product review: I have used this for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it in the winter to keep my hands warm while hiking or skiing, but also as an emergency blanket when camping.


Product name: Safe Zone Bicycle Helmet Mirror by EVT Product review: I have a helmet that has no mirror.  I was looking for something to put in the front of my helmet so I could see where I am going and this is perfect!


Product name: HAPPYCOCO Dots Polka Dots Replacement Band with Clasp for Fitbit Flex, Band only no tracker included (Large/Small) (Large) Product review: I have a fitbit flex and it broke.  I was able to get the band back on but now my wrist is sore from wearing it so much!


Product name: Summer Sale - 24oz Fruit Infuser Water Bottle Flip Top Lid BPA Free Tritan - Leak Proof with Handle Product review: I love this water bottle.  I use it for my morning coffee and the kids' school lunches, but also to keep in a bag of chips or trail mix when we go hiking.


Product name: Croakies Woodland Eyewear Retainer Product review: I have a very large head and these are great.  I wear them all the time, even when not wearing glasses or contacts.


Product name: Hollywood Racks Traveler Hitch Mounted Bike Rack Product review: I have a bike that is too big for my car.  I use this to carry it around when we go on vacation and the kids ride their bikes with me.


Product name: Intex Classic Downy Airbed, Full Product review: I have had this air bed for about a month now and it is still in great condition.  I use it on my couch at night to sleep on when the weather gets cold or if we are going somewhere that has no heat.


Product name: Portable Changing Tent Camping Shower Toilet Pop Up Room Privacy Beach Park NEW Product review: I have used this tent shower for a few years now.  It is very easy to set up and take down, but it does not hold water as long as the other one that we had before.


Product name: Legendary Whitetails Men's Realtree Camo One Shot Stretch Fit Cap Camo One Size Product review: I have a large head and this fits me perfectly.  I wear it on the back of my hat when hunting, but also use it as an everyday cap for walking around in the woods or at home.


Product name: Aurorae Yoga Multi Purpose Cross-body Sling Back Pack Bag. Mat sold separately. Product review: I love this bag! It is so convenient to have a cross body sling and it fits my laptop, water bottle, etc perfectly. The straps are adjustable which makes it easy for me to wear while walking or running.


Product name: Signstek Wired Bicycle Computer With Speed, Distance, Temperature And Time Readings Display Product review: I have a bike that has been working great for years.  I just bought this to replace the old one and it works perfectly!


Product name: Gear Aid Tenacious Tape for Fabric Repair Product review: I have used this on a few projects and it works great.  I use the tape to repair my daughter's jeans, which are too small now that she is taller than me!


Product name: I-SMILE 2016 Newest Replacement Wristband with Secure Clasps for Fitbit Flex Only (No tracker, Replacement Bands Only) Product review: This is a great replacement band.  I have had it on my wrist since the first day of wearing fitbit and now that i am using it as an everyday wearable, its been very reliable.


Product name: MSR SweetWater Siltstopper Replacement Filters Product review: I have a sweetwater filter on my bike and it has been working great.  I was looking for something to replace the filters that came with the unit, but this is just as good if not better than what comes in the box!


Product name: SOC Gear Troop Duffle Bag Product review: I use this bag for my work and it is great.  I have a lot of stuff in there, so the straps are long enough to hold everything without having to worry about losing anything.


Product name: Mirrycle Incredibell Brass Duet Bicycle Bell Product review: I have a pair of these and they are great.  I use them for my bike, but also to alert me when the doorbell rings or someone knocks on our front door.


Product name: O'Neill Wetsuits Mens 3/2mm Reactor Full Suit Product review: I have been using these for a few years now and they are still going strong.  I use them in the ocean, lake, river, etc...


Product name: Minecraft ThinkGeek Licensed Minecraft Creeper Backpack Product review: I love this backpack.  It is very comfortable and has a lot of pockets for my stuff!  I have used it on many trips to the beach, camping, etc...


Product name: Yanseller 1 Pack Credit Card Folding Safety Knife Product review: I use this knife for cutting up my meat and fish.  It is very sharp, but it cuts through the meat easily.


Product name: Bushwhacker Tahoe Black - Bicycle Frame Bag w/ Reflective Trim Cycling Triangle Pack Bike Crossbar Top Tube Stem Bag Front Rear Accessories Product review: I have a mountain bike and this bag is perfect for carrying my gear.  I use it to carry all of the tools that are needed when riding, including a pump, tire levers, etc...


Product name: Xtremeglas Hydrate Glass Water Bottle 32 Oz Extra Large Leak Proof Spill Proof Sport Water Bottle Drink More Water Stay Hydrated Stay Healthy Stainless Steel Lid with Carry Strap BPA Free! Product review: I love this water bottle.  I use it for my morning workout and then take a sip of water while watching TV or reading the paper.


Product name: Smart Air Beds Queen Raised Deluxe Flock Top Air Bed, Blue Product review: I have a queen size bed and this airbed is perfect for me.  I can sleep on it in the living room or bedroom without having to worry about getting up at night.


Product name: BAOFASHION Womens Travelling bags Girls' Retro Drawstring Backpack Product review: I love this bag.  It is a great size for school and the straps are adjustable so you can wear it on your shoulder or cross body.


Product name: Coleman Road Trip Propane Portable Grill LXE Product review: I have used this grill for a few years now and it has been great.  I use it on my boat, in the backyard, at work, etc...


Product name: Himal 1 PCS Folding Collapsible Travel Hiking Walking Stick Trekking Pole with EVA Foam Handle Product review: I use this for hiking and it works great.  I have a small frame so the handle is not too long, but still enough to get my hand in there when needed.


Product name: CamelBak eddy 1L Water Bottle Product review: I love this water bottle.  It is easy to carry and fits in my purse or pocket without being too bulky.


Product name: Cree Xm-l T6 LED Rechargeable Zoomable Flashlight Torch 18560aaa Battery&charger 12w Product review: I have had this flash light for a few years now and it still works great.  I use it to find my way around the house when I am not using my head lamp or phone as a flashlight.


Product name: Genji Sports One-Step Instant Push Up Hexagon Beach Tent (Tall) Product review: I bought this tent for my son and he loves it.  He has been using it at the beach since we got it, but now that school is out he will be able to use it year round!


Product name: Deuter Kikki Product review: I have a lot of these and they are great.  I use them for my son's sandbox, but also as an extra toy when he is not playing with his toys.


Product name: JanSport Superbreak Backpack - Zap Green Super Splash / 16.7H x 13W x 8.5D Product review: I love this backpack! It is very comfortable and has a lot of pockets for my school supplies, lunch box, etc...I would recommend it to anyone who needs one!


Product name: Therm-a-Rest Neo-Air Xtherm Sleeping Pad Product review: I have used this for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it in my tent, on the ground at home or when camping with friends.


Product name: HEX Performance Ultra+ Dual Action Gear Wash,  Clean+ and Protect+ set, (12 oz. each) Product review: I have used this product for years now with no problems at all. It is a great way to clean your bike without the need of water or soap.


Product name: Chamois Butt'r Original Anti-Chafe Cream, 8 ounce tube Product review: I use this on my bike and it works great.  I have a very sensitive skin so the cream is perfect for me!


Product name: Cool Gear 16 oz. Can Chiller Double Wall Insulated coolgearcan - BPA Free Product review: I use this to chill my water bottles and it works great!  I have a small cooler that fits in the car, but when I'm on vacation or at work, I need something bigger than what's available for me. This is perfect!

Product name: Kelty Mistral 20-Degree Right Hand Sleeping Bag Product review: I have used this bag for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it in the backcountry, on my backpacking trips, and even when camping at home.


Product name: High Sierra Loop Backpack Product review: I love this backpack.  It is very comfortable and has a lot of pockets for my books, water bottle, etc.


Product name: Sundome 4 Person Tent (Green and Navy color options) Product review: I have used this tent for a few years now.  It is very easy to set up, but it does not hold the wind well at all.


Product name: Master Lock Bike Security Key U-Lock 7 1/2 in x 9 3/4 in Product review: I have a bike lock that is not compatible with this.  I will be returning it for another one.


Product name: Singing Rock R44 NFPA Static Rope 11.2-mm x 200 Feet Product review: Great rope, but it is a little short for my needs. I have to use the extra length of rope that comes with this product in order to reach all areas where I need to hang things from.


Product name: WOW World of Watersports, 13-2060 Tube A Rama, 10 Person Inflatable Floating Island, 12 Foot Diameter Product review: I have been using this for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it as an inflatable raft in the water with my kids on board.


Product name: RIVBOS 801 POLARIZED Sports Sunglasses with 5 Interchangeable Lenses Product review: I have been wearing these for a few years now.  I love them and they are very comfortable to wear.


Product name: Reliance Products Luggable Loo Portable 5 Gallon Toilet Product review: I have a small bathroom and this is the best way to keep my toilet clean.  I use it every day, even when we are out of town!


Product name: Full Carbon 3K Glossy Saddle fit for MTB Bike Road Seatpost Seat Saddle Product review: I have a carbon seat post and this saddle is great.  I use it on my road bike, but also with the mountain bike. It's comfortable enough to ride all day long without getting sore in your butt or backside.


Product name: bkr – THE CHIC WATER BOTTLE – Glass Bottle with Soft Silicone Protective Sleeve – BPA Free – Dishwasher Safe – Unique Color Choices – 1 Liter Bottle Product review: I love this water bottle.  It is so cute and fits in my purse or pocket easily!  I use it for work, gym, school, etc...


Product name: Legendary Whitetails Womens Camo Flex Active Pants Product review: I have been using these pants for a couple of years now.  I love them and they are very comfortable to wear.


Product name: FOX Transition Hard Shell Helmet Product review: Great helmet.  I have had it for a few years now and I've never been in an accident with it on, so far!


Product name: ONLY buy from Smart Gear™ X1 Hoverboard AUTHORIZED Dealers - Two Wheel Self Balancing Electric Scooter w/ LED Lights 2-Wheel Personal Safe Drifting Board ***FREE Carrying Bag*** Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it is great.  I use it to commute around town, go shopping or just ride on the beach.


Product name: Columbia Sportswear Freezer III Long Sleeve Shirt Product review: I bought this for my husband and he loves it.  He has a lot of tattoos, so the sleeves are long enough to cover them up without being too tight or restricting his movement.


Product name: Coleman 4-Person Instant Tent Rainfly Accessory Product review: I have used this tent for a few years now and it has held up well.  I use it in the back yard, but also on camping trips to the beach or mountains.


Product name: Schwinn Thrasher Helmet Product review: I have a lot of helmets and this is the best.  I use it for my road bike, mountain biking, and commuting to work.


Product name: Women's Heart Shaped Rimless Sunglasses Pink to Blue Gradient Lens Unique Tortoise Arms AS-36 by FreshGadgetz Product review: I love these sunglasses.  They are very comfortable and look great on my face!  I have a hard time finding glasses that fit me well, but this pair is perfect for me.


Product name: Pure Comfort Waterproof Flock Top Zebra Bed Product review: I have a twin bed and this is the perfect mattress for it.  I've had it about 2 weeks now, so far no complaints!


Product name: Mountainsmith Modular Hauler System Product review: I have used this for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it to haul my boat, camping gear, etc.


Product name: Cloudnine Sand Anchor Product review: I have used this anchor for years.  It is a great product and works well with the sandbags.


Product name: EWIN(R) 2Pcs Tiger Head Carabiner Hiking Camp Spring Clip Lock Hook Buckle Keychain Keyring Product review: I use this for my keys and it works great.  I have a small key ring that fits in the pocket of my backpack, but when I need to get out of the car or into the house, I just clip on these and they are

Product name: [Durable Hammock & Strap Bundle] Serac Classic Portable Single Camping Hammock with Suspension System - Perfect for the backpack, travel and camping Product review: I have used this hammock on many trips.  It is very comfortable to sleep in and easy to set up/take down.


Product name: Life is good Women's Crusher Grow Your Own Way Tee Product review: I love this shirt.  I have a lot of shirts and it was the first one that fit me perfectly!


Product name: Outdoor Research Unissex Spectrum Sun Sleeves Product review: I have used these for years.  They are great to wear on the bike, but they also work well as a light jacket when you need it.


Product name: UltraFire Xml-t6 Best and Brightest LED Tactical Flashlight Rugged Construction. Trusted By Police, Businesses -Includes Rechargeable Batteries, Battery Charger Product review: I have used this flashlight for a few years now with no problems at all.  It is bright enough to be seen from far away but not so bright that it blinds you when looking directly into the light.


Product name: Igloo Playmate Elite MaxCold Cooler (16-Quart, Icy Blue) Product review: This is a great cooler.  I use it for my beer and wine in the summer time when we are outside on our deck or patio.


Product name: Apple Watch Case, i-Blason Rugged Protective Case with Strap Bands for Apple Watch / Watch Sport / Watch Edition 2015 Release 2015 (38 mm) Product review: I have had this case on my watch since it was released.  It is very well made and protects the screen from scratches.


Product name: Columbia Women's Mighty Lite Hooded Jacket Product review: I love this jacket.  It is very warm and comfortable, but not too heavy or bulky for a day on the beach.


Product name: Wenzel Pine Ridge Tent - 5 Person Product review: I have used this tent for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it in the back yard, on my boat, at work, etc...


Product name: Generic Bluecell Slim Water resistance Sporty Travel Waist Bag for Carrying iPhone 5 4S 3GS Cellphone (Black) Product review: I bought this bag to carry my cell phone and a few other items when traveling.  It is very well made, sturdy, and fits perfectly in the small of your back pocket or purse.


Product name: DAKINE Sweeper Waist Hydration Pack Product review: I use this for my daily commute and it works great.  I have a small bladder so the extra water is very helpful when running late or on the go.


Product name: SiCoHome Picnic Blanket Multi Purpose Ground Mat Weather-proof Beach Blanket For Traveling, Camping,Picnic Time,Beach and a Children Play Mat Product review: I bought this for my son who is in the Army.  He loves it!  It's very soft and comfortable to sit on while he plays outside or at home.


Product name: Coghlans Camp Grill Product review: I have been using this grill for about a year now and it is still going strong.  I use it on the deck, in my backyard, at work, etc...


Product name: Bell Monster High Kids Bike Accessory Product review: Great bike accessory for the price.  I use it to keep my daughter's bike from getting stolen and I have a friend who uses it as well.


Product name: Kryptonite 999515 Black 12mm x 39" (1210) New York Chain and Evolution Series-4 Orange 14mm Disc Lock Product review: I have a lot of chain on my bike.  I use this to lock up the rear wheel when riding in the city, but it also works great for locking down the front wheel while riding through town or out on the trails.


Product name: Polar Bottle Insulated Water Bottle - 20oz Product review: I love this water bottle.  It is very easy to use and holds a lot of liquid for long periods of time.


Product name: JanSport Overexposed Backpack Product review: I love this backpack.  It is very comfortable and has a lot of pockets for my school books, lunch box, etc...I would recommend it to anyone!


Product name: OGIO Big Dome Street Duffel Product review: I love this bag.  It is big enough for my laptop, a couple of books and some clothes. It has plenty of pockets to hold all the stuff you need while traveling.


Product name: Serfas Thorn Resistant Tube Product review: I have been using this for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it on my bike, in the car, at work, etc...


Product name: Wham-O Morey Basic Bag Product review: I love this bag.  I use it for my lunch and snacks at work, but also carry a water bottle in the car when we go out to eat or run errands.


Product name: Coghlan's Pop-Up Trash Can Product review: I have a small trash can that is not big enough for my recycling.  I use this to put the recyclables in and it works great!


Product name: Igloo Products 00043865 Sportsman Cooler, Tan, 20 quart Product review: This is a great cooler for the price.  I use it to keep my beer cold while camping and hiking in the summer time.


Product name: Ultimate Wondershade, Portable Sun Shade, Royal Blue Product review: I have a small patio and this shade is perfect for when the sun comes out.  I can sit outside in my chair without getting burned!


Product name: Seattle Sports Titan Pannier Bike Bag Product review: I use this bag for my bike and it is great.  I have a small frame so the extra room in the back makes allot of difference when carrying groceries or other items to school/work.


Product name: Columbia Sportswear Men's Silver Ridge Cargo Pant Product review: I have been wearing these pants for a few years now.  I wear them to work and they are comfortable, but not too tight or loose. They fit well in the waist area so you don't feel like your jeans are riding up on you

Product name: TI-EDC Grappling Hook with Folding Claws, Outdoor Gear for Survival, Climbing or Tree Limb removal Product review: I use this hook to remove tree limbs from my yard.  It is very easy and quick to deploy.


Product name: Scuba Choice Scuba Diving Deluxe Diver Below Inflatable Float and Flag Bouy Product review: I have been using this for about a year now.  I use it on my lake, river, or ocean trips. It is easy to inflate and deflate as needed. The only thing that could be better would be if the air pump

Product name: FUNOC® 50L Military Tactical Rucksack Backpack Outdoor Sport Camping Hiking Travel Bag Product review: I have used this backpack for a few years now and it has held up well.  I use it on my motorcycle, hiking in the mountains, camping, etc...


Product name: iPerfect Lifestyle Infuser Water Bottle - Made with Commercial Grade Tritan - Recipe Ebook INCLUDED Product review: I love this water bottle.  I use it for my morning coffee and to keep in the car when we go out on our bikes or walk.


Product name: Bell Solar Bike Helmet Product review: I have been using this helmet for about a month now.  I love it!  It is very comfortable and fits well on my head.


Product name: Sliver Gripper Twin Pack (Recloseable Tube & Keychain Clip) Combo Product review: I use these for my keys and phone.  They are very easy to open, but they do not stay closed as long as the original grips that came with them.


Product name: Softride 26260 Hook and Loop SoftWraps - Pack of 4 Product review: I have used these for years.  They are great to keep my hands warm while riding in the cold weather, but they do not stay on very well when wet or sweaty.


Product name: Sunlite Thorn Resistant Schrader Valve Tube, Black Product review: I have a set of these on my bike and they work great.  I've had them for about 2 years now with no problems at all.


Product name: Dexshell Coolvent Mid-Calf Waterproof Socks Product review: I have been wearing these for a few years now.  I wear them in the rain, snow and hot weather. They are comfortable to wear all day long.


Product name: Coleman Woodsman II Chair Product review: I have a small office and this chair is perfect for me.  I can sit in it all day long without getting tired or sore!


Product name: Gatorade 32 ounce squeeze water bottle Product review: I love this product.  I use it for my morning workout and to keep me hydrated during the day.


Product name: Nepal Hand Knit Kalpa Sherpa Hat - Premium Cold Weather Hat with Ear Flaps & Soft, Warm & Comfortable Fleece Lining Product review: I bought this hat for my husband who is a hardy climber.  He loves it and wears it all the time!


Product name: Delta Smart Cell Phone Bike Holder Caddy Mount Case for IPhone Android Samsung HTC Waterproof Product review: This is a great case.  I use it with my iPhone 5 and have had no problems at all.


Product name: Osage River Tactical Shooting Gun Range Bag Product review: I have used this bag for a few years now.  It is very well made and holds my gear securely, but it does not hold the gun as tight or snugly as some other bags do.


Product name: Plastic Mini Cruiser Skateboard 22" X 6" Frisky Board Product review: I have a lot of boards and this is the best one.  I use it for skateboarding, snowboarding and even rollerblading!


Product name: Pearl Izumi - Ride Men's Elite Barrier Jacket Product review: Great jacket, but the zipper is a little too small for my liking.  I have to use an extra inch or two of fabric in order to get it all the way down and then I can't zip up again without having to take off

Product name: Microfiber Travel Towel - Large 52" x 32" with Free Hand/Face Cloth in Gift Box - Super Fast Quick Dry - Antibacterial - Best for Backpacking, Beach, Camping, Gym, Swimming and Sports Product review: I use this towel to dry my face after a workout.  It is very soft and absorbent. It also has an antibacterial agent which helps keep the skin clean.


Product name: Stanley Adventure eCycle infinite Mug/Bowl 16oz Green Product review: I love this mug.  I use it for my morning coffee and the kids' lunch at school. It's a great size, easy to clean up after they are done with their food.


Product name: Jordan Boys Black Quilt Backpack Product review: I love this backpack.  It is very comfortable and has a lot of pockets for my school books, lunch box, etc...I would recommend it to anyone!


Product name: Classic SuperBreak Backpack (Maroon Texas A&M) Product review: I have used this backpack for a few years now.  It is very comfortable and has held up well to the wear of daily use.


Product name: HauFude 2015 Pro Team Men's Black-Blue Short Sleeve Cycling Jersey and Shorts Set Product review: I have been using this jersey for a few years now.  I like the fit, but it is not as breathable as some other jerseys that are made with more mesh or stretchy material.


Product name: Rear Rack, silver quick release pannier, seat post rear rack, Alloy for seatpost QR fixation. Pannier side rails, Capacity of 22 LB, weigh 1 1/4lb, QR silver pannier Product review: I have a set of these on my bike and they are great!  I use them to carry water bottles in the summer time when it is hot out.


Product name: Serengeti Martino Sunglasses Product review: I love these sunglasses.  They are very comfortable and look great on my face!  I have a hard time finding glasses that fit me well, but this pair is perfect for me.


Product name: Coleman 8-Person Red Canyon Tent Product review: I have used this tent for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it in the back yard, on my boat, at work, etc...


Product name: Autel MaxiSYS MS906 OBD2 AutoScanner with Read, Diagnose, Service, Repair Functions Product review: I have a 2006 Ford Escape and it has been having problems.  I was looking for an auto scanner that would work on my car but this one does not.


Product name: Merax 21 Speed 700C Aluminum Road Bike Racing Bicycle (Green 54CM) Product review: I have been using this bike for about a year now and it has held up well.  I use it on the road, trails, and even some mountain biking.


Product name: Stearns Puddle Jumper Deluxe 3D Life Jacket Product review: I have been using this for about a year now.  I use it on the lake and in the ocean, but also when fishing from my boat or kayak. It is very comfortable to wear while paddling.


Product name: Roma Leathers Genuine Leather Multi-Pocket Crossbody Purse Bag Product review: I love this bag.  It is a great size and the leather feels so soft to touch!  I use it for my cell phone, keys, lip gloss, etc...


Product name: JugLug Sleeve / Pouch for Hydro Flask 32 oz. Bottles - Black Product review: I love this pouch! It fits perfectly in my purse and is easy to carry around with me when out shopping or running errands. The only thing that would make it better, if you could add a strap so the bag doesn't fall off your

Product name: 5000 Lumen 2x CREE XML U2 LED Cycling Bicycle Bike Light Lamp HeadLight Headlamp Product review: I have been using this headlight for a few months now and it has worked great.  I use it on my mountain bike, road bike and even in the city with no problems at all.


Product name: Therm-a-Rest Z Lite Sol Foam Sleeping Pad with Reflective Heat Surface for Camping, Backpacking, Mountaineering, and Trekking Product review: I have used this pad on several trips.  It is very comfortable to sleep in but it does not provide much support or warmth when you are sitting up.


Product name: Serengeti San Remo Sunglasses, Shiny Hematite Frame, 555nm Lens Product review: I have been wearing these for a few years now.  I love them and they are very comfortable to wear.


Product name: TL-tech Black Color 2 Wheel Electric self Balance Balancing Unicycle Scooter Balance Two-wheels Self-balancing Monocycle Car Drift Board Scooter Product review: I love this scoot.  I have a hard time getting up and down hills, but it is so easy to ride that I don't mind the extra effort.


Product name: SPORTSSTUFF 40-1020 Cooler Caddy Float Product review: I have a lot of coolers and this is the best.  I use it to store my cooler in the trunk when not using it, or on top if I am going somewhere with no room for it.


Product name: Cannon Paddles Escape E Kayak Paddle with Black Fiberglass Reinforced Polymer Blades (2-Piece) Product review: I have been using these paddles for about a year now.  They are great, but they do get beat up pretty easily and the plastic blades break off after only one season of use.


Product name: Nexify Carbon Cycling Handlebar Grips with Bike Chainstay Protector – Mountain Biking, Off-Roading, Road Touring – Improved Non-Slip Holding Surface Product review: I have been using these for a few years now.  They are great and work well on my mountain bike.


Product name: Giordana 2016 Brooklyn Team Cycling Cap - World Stripes - gi-s2-coca-brok Product review: I love this cap.  I have a few of them and they are all different colors, so it's fun to mix up the look!


Product name: BV Bicycle Strap-On Bike Saddle Bag / Seat Bag / Cycling Bag Product review: I have a bike that is too small for my daughter.  I was looking at this bag to see if it would fit her bike and she loves the way it looks!


Product name: Sockwell Women's Circulator Graduated Compression Socks-Ideal for-Travel-Sports-Nurses-Reduces Swelling Product review: I have been wearing these socks since the day they arrived.  They are very comfortable and fit well, but after a few hours of wear my feet were swollen again!


Product name: ENO Eagles Nest Outfitters - Moonshine Lantern Product review: I have a small one and it is great for the price.  I use mine to light my campfire at night, but also as an emergency flashlight when we are hiking in the woods or camping out.


Product name: Royal Robbins Women's Backcountry Walker Shorts Product review: I love these shorts.  They are very comfortable and have a nice fit, but they do not hold up well to the elements (rain/snow).  I would recommend them for hiking or other outdoor activities where you need something that will keep

Product name: eoGEAR Medium Century Bag Product review: I use this bag for my laptop, and it's great.  I have a small backpack that fits in the bottom of the bag so I can carry both items at once.


Product name: Icebox Knitting Yeti Winter Hat Product review: I love this hat.  It is very warm and keeps my head nice and toasty when it's cold out!


Product name: Yeti Stainless Steel Rambler 30 Oz Tumbler Product review: I love this tumbler.  It is a great size and holds my coffee or tea very well, even with ice cubes in it!


Product name: Diamondback Dual Action Bicycle Bell, Black Product review: I have a bell on my bike and it is great.  I use it to alert me when someone passes by or if the brakes are not working properly.


Product name: Sea To Summit Tek Towel Washcloths Product review: I use these for my kayak and they work great.  I have a small one that fits in the bottom of my boat, but it is not as effective at cleaning up after a day on the water.


Product name: Finish Line DRY Teflon Bicycle Chain Lube Product review: I use this on my road bike and it works great.  I have a small chain ring so the lube is not as thick, but still does its job well.


Product name: Callaway GPSync Golf Watch Product review: I have been using this watch for a few years now.  I love it and use it every day, but the battery life is not great.


Product name: WIN.MAX 9 Plies Maple 3D Double Kick Concave Deck Grip Tape Skating Skateboard for Primary/Intermediate Product review: I have a pair of these and they are great!  I use them on my skateboards, but also as grip tape to hold the board in place when riding it around town or at the park.


Product name: DAOTS Laptop Backpack Vintage Canvas School Bag Rucksack for College Travel Daypack Product review: I love this bag.  I use it to carry my laptop, books and other school supplies when going on field trips or traveling with the kids. It is very sturdy and holds up well through many years of abuse!


Product name: Shimano Ultegra 5500 XSC Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it has performed flawlessly.  I am very happy with the purchase, especially since it was on sale!


Product name: EcoVessel SUMMIT TriMax Triple Insulated Stainless Steel Water Bottle with Flip Straw Product review: I love this water bottle.  It is so easy to clean and the straw makes it a breeze to drink from.


Product name: Redline BB Set for 3-Piece Cranks 22mm American Product review: I have a set of these and they are great.  I use them on my road bike, mountain bike and even the occasional commuter.


Product name: 3Pcs Aluminum Survival Whistle/ Emergency Whistle/ Safety Whistle/Survival Kits/ Pet Training Whistles with Keychain Ring for sporting events,camping, hiking and boating, Outdoor Activities,etc (Color： Rose red Blue Green) Product review: I bought this whistle to use as a safety device when my dog is out of the house.  It works great!  I have used it several times in different situations where we were not home or had no one else around who could hear us.

Product name: Bella+Canvas Ladies' Capri Scrunch Pant - DEEP HEATHER - S Ladies' Capri Product review: I love these pants.  I have a pair of capris that are the same style and they fit perfectly in my size, but this is even better!  They're so comfortable too.


Product name: Moose Black Pintail Longboard Complete Product review: I have a lot of boards and this is the best.  I use it for everything from skateboarding to surfing, but mostly just riding around town.


Product name: Ibera 2 in 1 Bike Panniers/ Messenger Bag with Detachable Shoulder Strap Product review: Great bag, but the shoulder strap is too short.  I had to cut it off and make a longer one out of some leather from my sewing machine.


Product name: Coleman Accy Rainfly Instant 8 Person Tent Accessory, Black, 14x10-Feet Product review: I have used this tent for a few years now and it has held up well.  I use it in the back yard with my son when we go camping or fishing.


Product name: 2 Pairs, Grey Cooling Arm Sleeves Athletic Sport Skins - Sun Protective UV Cover Fishing Product review: I have been using these for a few years now and they are still going strong.  I use them on my fishing rods when the weather is hot or cold.


Product name: SPORTSSTUFF 53-2160 Half Pipe Frantic Towable Product review: I have a lot of fun with this.  I use it for my son's birthday party and he loves to ride on the tube!


Product name: Stearns Youth Boating Vest (50-90 lbs.) Product review: I have been using this vest for about a year now and it has held up well.  I use it on my son when he is in the boat, but also wear it myself to keep dry from the rain or spray.


Product name: Pearl Izumi - Ride Men's Elite Gel Vent Gloves Product review: Great gloves for the price.  I use them on my road bike and they are great!  They fit well, have a nice feel to them, and I like that there is no velcro or zippers holding them together.


Product name: Tojwi 6.30"*3.35"*2.56" Zipper Eye Glasses Sunglasses Hard Case Box Portable Protector Black Product review: I have been using these for a few years now and they are still going strong!  I use them to protect my glasses when traveling, or just as an extra layer of protection in the car.


Product name: Tektro Alloy Brake Cable Triangle w/cable Black Product review: I have a set of these for my bike.  They work great and are easy to install, but they do not seem as sturdy or durable as the original brake cables that came with it.


Product name: Etekcity Ultralight Portable Outdoor Backpacking Camping Stoves with Piezo Ignition (Orange) Product review: I have used this stove for a few years now and it has been great.  I use it in the backcountry, on my boat, at home, etc...


Product name: Bell Mickey Mouse Protective Gear with Elbow Pads/Knee Pads and Gloves Product review: I have a very small child, so this is perfect for me.  I can wear it while he's in the car or at school without worrying about him getting hurt by his own toys!


Product name: Ultra Bright 160 Lumen LED Pocket Pen Work Light with Powerful Magnetic Base & Rotating Magnetic Clip. 3 AAA Duracell Inc. Camping, Household, Workshop, Automobile. Hassle Free Replacement Guarantee. Product review: I have used this light for a few years now and it has been great!  I use it to work on my car in the garage or when working outside at night.


Product name: Thule AeroBlade Edge Flush Mount Rack Product review: I have a bike rack that is not flush with the ground.  I was looking for something to mount my bike on and this fits perfectly!


Product name: Outdoor Products Rolled Tarp Product review: I have used this for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it to cover my car when we go camping, or just as an extra layer of protection from the sun on hot days.


Product name: Selle SMP TRK Lady Cycling Saddle Product review: I have been using this saddle for about a year now.  I love it!  It is very comfortable and easy to adjust the height of my bike seat.


Product name: LOLE Women's Easy Dress Product review: I love this dress.  It is very comfortable and easy to wear, but it does not have a zipper in the back so you can't go swimming or anything like that without taking off your top!


Product name: GoMax GoPro ® Scuba Diving Mask compatible w/ GoPro ® Hero 1, 2, 3, 3+ and 4, Black, Silver and White editions Product review: I have been using this for about a month now.  I love it!  It is easy to put on and take off with one hand. It fits my face well and the straps are adjustable so you can get your head in place easily.

Product name: The Stick Muscle Massage Tool Product review: I have been using this for a few months now and it works great.  I use it to massage my lower back, shoulders, neck, etc... It is easy to hold in place while massaging.


Product name: Coleman Powerchill Power Supply for Thermoelectric Coolers - Converts 120 Volt AC to 12 Volt DC Product review: I have a thermo cooler that is not working.  I was able to get it running with this power supply, but the fan does not spin at all and there are no lights on when you plug in the adapter.


Product name: Bolle Sport Spiral Sunglasses (3D Smoke/Polarized Axis) Product review: I have been wearing these for a few years now.  I love them and they are very comfortable to wear.


Product name: Insulated Stainless Steel Water Bottle - Best 25oz Vacuum Bottles Sleek and Sporty Double Wall with Flip Cap and Straw | Team Hydrate Product review: I love this water bottle.  It is so easy to clean, it holds a lot of water for me (I drink about 2 liters per day) and the straw makes drinking from it much easier than other bottles that have no straws or

Product name: Hearos Ear Plugs Xtreme Protection, 14-Pair Foam Product review: I have a pair of these and they are great.  I use them for my iPhone 6s Plus when it is in the pocket or purse. They do not get caught on anything so you can easily take your phone out without having to worry about

Product name: Schwinn Cruiser Gel Seat Cover Product review: I have a bike that is not very comfortable.  I use this cover to keep my seat from getting wet and it works great!


Product name: Cosmos Led Flash Tyre Wheel Valve Cap Light For Car Bike Bicycle Motorbicycle Wheel Light Tire (Red, Yellow, Blue, Green, Colorful) 5 Pack Product review: I have a set of these on my bike and they work great.  I use them to light up the road at night when it's dark out.


Product name: White Sierra Men's Kalgoorlie Long Sleeve Shirt Product review: I bought this shirt for my husband.  He loves it and wears it all the time!  It is a little big on him, but he can wear it with his jeans or shorts without any problems.


Product name: Two Wheels Smart Self Balancing Scooters Drifting Board, Electric Personal Transporter-outdoor Sports Kids Adult Transporter, Max 15 km/h (Red) Product review: I have a hard time finding the right balance between price and quality.  I bought this for my son who is 4 years old but he has outgrown it now so we are looking to buy another one soon.


Product name: ULTIKIT Ultraviolet UV Blacklight Flashlight Product review: I bought this for my son who is a huge fan of the show "The Walking Dead" and he loves it.  He uses it to play with his toys, read books or just have fun in general!


Product name: Titec HellCat Prolite Bicycle Saddle Product review: I have a road bike and this saddle is great.  I use it on my mountain bike as well, but the comfort of the seat makes me want to ride more often than not!


Product name: AGPtek® 6 Pcs Carabiner 3"/8cm D Shaped Aluminum Screwgate Lock Carabiner Alloy Locking Clip Camping Spring Snap Hook Keychain Hiking - Assorted Colors of Purple Silver Green Black Blue Red Product review: I use this for my keys and it works great.  I have a small key ring that is too big to fit in the pocket, so this fits perfectly!


Product name: Rio Brands Clamp-On Umbrella, 4-Feet Product review: I have a small umbrella that is not very good for the rain.  This one works great and fits in my purse!


Product name: Mongoose Men's Disorder 700c Fixie Bike, White Product review: I have been riding for about a year now and this bike is the best.  I ride it to work every day and take my son with me when he goes to school.


Product name: Sunlit Freestyle Tire, 12-1/2 x 2-1/4", Black Product review: I have a set of these on my bike and they are great.  I use them for the occasional ride when it is too hot to wear regular tires.


Product name: Stansport Deluxe Fiberglass Handle Axe Product review: I have used this handle for years.  I use it to chop wood and also as a tool when working on my boat.


Product name: Crystalcity-6662 Bicycle Bell Alloy mini Product review: I have a bell on my bike and it is very loud.  I was looking for something that would be louder but not as big, this fits the bill perfectly!


Product name: Grand Trunk Double Hammock with Carabiners and Hanging Kit - Two Toned Parachute Nylon Product review: I have used this hammock for a few years now.  It is very comfortable, easy to set up and take down, and it has held up well through many seasons of use.


Product name: LOLE Women's Haven 2 Capris Product review: I love these pants.  They are very comfortable and fit well, but they do not have a drawstring in the waistband so you can't adjust them to your liking.


Product name: Travelwey Money Belt Travel Waist Bag (Beige / Extra Long) (Max Waist Size 55 inches) Product review: I love this bag.  It is a great size for my wallet and the pockets are big enough to hold all of my cards, cash, etc.


Product name: CamelBak Rain Cover Product review: I love this cover.  I use it when the weather is hot and humid, but not too bad for me to wear a shirt or tank top underneath.


Product name: Onebigoutlet Folding Portable Fish Fillet Hunting Cutting Table w/Sink Faucet BBQ Tailgate Product review: I have used this for a few years now.  It is great to use when you are camping or fishing and need something that can be easily stored in your vehicle.


Product name: Softride Hook and Loop Soft Wrap, 24X2-Inch, 2-Pack Product review: I have used this for a few years now.  I use it to wrap my headband around the back of my neck when I am wearing glasses or sunglasses.


Product name: Comfort Zone The Heat Solution Instant Portable Heat Pack Product review: I have used this for a few years now and it has never let me down.  I use it when the weather is cool, but not cold enough to need an electric blanket or space heater.


Product name: DocksLocks Extra DXLX Jaw Surfboard Security Lock Accessory Product review: I have a surfboard that is not secured to the dock.  I use this product and it works great!


Product name: Fox River Women's Her Steel-Toe Lightweight Crew Socks Product review: I have a pair of these and they are great.  I wear them with my running shoes, but also in the house for walking around or to go shopping.


Product name: The Original #1 Infusion Water Bottle + Health Recipe eBook (Color Options) Product review: I love this water bottle.  I use it for my morning coffee and to keep me hydrated throughout the day.


Product name: QIBOX Replacement Charging Cable Charger for Fitbit Charge HR Fitness Wireless Activity Wristband Premium Quality One Year Warranty Charge (Black) Product review: I have a fitbit charge and it was not working.  I tried to use the charger that came with my watch but it did not work so i bought this one. It works great!


Product name: Zippo Multi Purpose Candle Lighter Product review: I use this to light my candles.  It is a little small, but it works great for the price and has been very reliable so far.


Product name: O'Neill Dive Wetsuits Men's Explore 3/2mm Short Sleeve Spring Suit Product review: I have been using these for a few years now and they are still going strong.  I use them in the water, on land, and even when dry.


Product name: Allen Sports Deluxe 4-Bike Hitch Mount Rack with 2-Inch Receiver Product review: I have a set of these for my son's bike.  They are great, easy to install and very sturdy.


Product name: WOLFBIKE Men's Gel 3D Padded Bicycle Cycling Underwear Compression Shorts Pants Product review: I have been wearing these for a few months now and they are great.  I am very happy with them, but the only thing that would make me buy more is if they were available in different colors!


Product name: Surfco Hawaii SUP Textured Clear Rail Tape Product review: I have used this on my surfboard and it works great.  I use a small amount of tape to hold the board in place while surfing, but if you are looking for something that will last longer than one season then this is your product!

Product name: iMBAPrice Deluxe Outdoor Camping Lantern 2-In-1 Combo 18 Super Bright LED Light and Fan (CFAN-LED) Retail Box Product review: I bought this for my son who is a big fan of camping.  He loves it!  It's bright enough to see in the dark, but not so much that you can't find your way back home if you get lost.


Product name: Cozy Products TT Toasty Toes Ergonomic Heated Foot Warmer Product review: I have a pair of these and they are great.  I use them in the car, at work, etc... They heat up quickly and stay warm for hours!


Product name: Camo Coll Outdoor Sun Cap Camouflage Bucket Mesh Boonie Hat Product review: I bought this for my son and he loves it.  He wears it to school, the beach, etc...and looks great!


Product name: Serfas RX-921V Road/MTB Comfort RX Saddle - Men's Product review: I have been using this saddle for about a year now.  I use it on my road bike and mountain bike, as well as my wife's bicycle. It is comfortable to ride in all weather conditions.


Product name: Coleman Instant Wide Base Canopy Product review: I have used this canopy for a few years now.  It is very sturdy and easy to set up, but it does not stay in place when the wind blows hard.


Product name: 4ucycling Raincoat - Easy Carry Wind Rain Jacket - A 178g Rain Coat Outdoor Poncho Product review: I bought this for my husband and he loves it.  He has been using it in the rain, but also on a hot day when we are out walking around town or at the beach.


Product name: Hydracy Fruit Infuser Water Bottle - 25 Oz Sport Bottle with Full Length Infusion Rod and Insulating Sleeve Combo Set + 25 Fruit Infused Water Recipes eBook Bonus - Your Healthy Hydration Made Easy Product review: I love this water bottle.  I use it for my morning coffee, as well as to keep a refill of water on hand in the car or at work.


Product name: Klean Kanteen Wide Insulated Stainless Steel Bottle With Loop Cap (20-Ounce) Product review: I love this bottle.  I use it for my morning coffee and the water stays hot all day long!


Product name: Gavin Gel Foam Anatomic Relief Bike Saddle Bicycle Seat Product review: I have a road bike and this is the best saddle for it.  I've had many different saddles over the years, but none of them fit my bike as well or feel as comfortable as this one does.


Product name: Portable Home Bike Repair Stand Adjustable Height Bicycle Stand Product review: I have a bike that is too small for my daughter.  I was looking to buy something like this but it didn't fit the bill.


Product name: Choice Inline Wheels Product review: I have a set of these on my bike and they are great.  I use them for the occasional flat, but mostly to keep things from getting too bent up when riding in rough terrain or off road.


Product name: Etekcity Portable Rechargeable Outdoor USB and Solar LED Camping Lantern (Orange) Product review: I bought this for my son who is a camper.  He loves it!  It's easy to set up, has lots of light and the battery lasts long enough that he can use it all day without having to recharge.


Product name: Kool-Stop Dual Compound Mountain Pads for Linear Pull Brakes Threaded,Black/Salmon Product review: I have used these on my mountain bike and they work great.  I use them with a pair of Shimano XT brakes that are not compatible with the original pads.


Product name: Schwinn Codex Adult Product review: I have a bike that is over 20 years old.  I bought this for my son who has been riding since he was 3 and now at age 12, still rides his bike to school every day!


Product name: Venzo Road Bike  For Shimano SPD SL Look Cycling Pedals Product review: I have been using these for a few months now and they are great.  I use them on my road bike, but also in the gym with weights to help me build muscle mass.


Product name: ESEE Fire Steel for True Flint & Steel Fire Making Product review: I have used this product on a number of occasions.  It works great and is easy to use.


Product name: XLC Tire Repair Patch Kit Product review: I have a set of tires that are not the original equipment.  I had to replace them with these, and they work great!


Product name: Coleman North Rim Adult Mummy Sleeping Bag Product review: I have used this bag for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it in the backcountry, on my backpacking trips, and even when camping at home.


Product name: Contigo AUTOSEAL Kangaroo Water Bottle with Storage Compartment, 24-Ounce Product review: I love this water bottle.  It is easy to carry and fits in my purse or pocket without being too bulky. It holds a lot of water for me so it's great when we go on hikes!


Product name: The Ultra Bike Club Jr # BC 00304 Product review: I have a son who is 4 and he loves this bike.  He has been riding it for about 2 months now, and we are very happy with the purchase!


Product name: Giro 2014 Revel Cycling Helmet (Matte Black Modernist - ONE SIZE)(women's) Product review: I love this helmet.  I have a small head and it fits perfectly, even with the chin strap on.


Product name: Men and Women New Bike Bicycle Cycling Outdoor Wear Riding Padded Shorts Pants Product review: I bought these for my husband.  He loves them!  They are a little snug, but he says they fit him well.


Product name: Schwinn Girl's Bicycle Basket Product review: I have a daughter who is 5 and she loves her bike basket.  She has been riding for about 2 years now, but this was the first time we used it. She loved it!


Product name: Kelty Catalyst 65 Backpack Product review: I have used this backpack for a few years now and it has held up well.  I use it on my bike, hiking, camping, etc...


Product name: Osprey Packs Hydraulics LT Reservoir Product review: I have a backpack that has been used for many years.  I was looking to replace it with something more modern and this is the perfect fit!  It's lightweight, easy to carry on my back or in my handbag, and fits perfectly

Product name: Razor E200S Seated Electric Scooter Product review: I have a scoot and this is the best.  I use it for shopping, walking around town or just to get from one place to another. It's easy to ride and very quiet!


Product name: Maxx HD Domain Polarized Sunglasses Golf All Sport, Lens Choices MXDOMAIN Product review: I have been wearing these for a few years now and they are still going strong.  I wear them on the beach or in the pool with no problems at all.


Product name: Coleman Oak Point Cool Weather Sleeping Bag Product review: I have used this bag for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it in the winter when we are camping or hiking, but also on my boat during summer months.


Product name: UST Waterproof Match Case, Yellow Product review: I have a lot of matches and this case is great.  I can keep them dry in my pocket or purse without worrying about the matchbook getting wet.


Product name: Bestway Hydro-Force Wave Line Kayak (110" x 30" x 15") Product review: I have been using this kayak for about a year now.  I use it on the lake and in rivers, but mostly lakes. It is very stable and easy to paddle with. The only thing that would make me give it less than 5

Product name: Skye Supply Swell Bells Product review: I have been using these for years.  They are the best way to keep my feet warm and dry in winter, especially when hiking or skiing.


Product name: Allen Sports Tension Bar Bicycle Cross-Bar Adaptor Product review: I have a road bike and this works great.  I use it to attach my cross bars on the back of my mountain bike for commuting, but also when riding with friends or family who don't ride bikes.


Product name: Serfas Raider USB Rechargeable Headlight, Black, One Size Product review: I have a headlamp that is not working.  I was looking for something to replace it with and this fit the bill perfectly!  It's easy to use and looks great on my bike.


Product name: GIANT 8 Foot Rainbow Beach Umbrella – HEAVY DUTY design. This Beach Umbrella is Great for Shade at the Beach, Lake, Fishing and Camping. Includes Sand Anchor and Carry Bag Product review: I have used this umbrella on many occasions in my life. It has held up well to all of them.  I would recommend it highly!


Product name: Coleman Camp Pad Sleep Lite Cinch Bag Product review: I have used this bag for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it to carry my sleeping pad, water bottle, etc when backpacking or hiking in the mountains.


Product name: The Elixir Arm Sleeves UV Sun Protective Arm Compression Cover Warmer Cooler Product review: I have been using this for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it in the summer when we are outside, but also during the winter to keep my arms warm while working on projects around the house or yard.


Product name: Suncloud Warrant Polarized Sunglasses Product review: I have been wearing these for a few years now and they are still going strong.  I wear them in the water, on my bike, at work, etc...


Product name: GSI Outdoors Collapsible Java Drip Product review: I use this for my coffee and it works great.  I have a small travel mug that fits in the cup holder of my car, so when I'm on the road or at work, I can still get some java!


Product name: Bimini Bay Men's BB4 Wrap Around 62mm Polorized Sunglasses Product review: Great sunglass, but the lens is a little too small for my face.  I have to wear them with glasses on and they are not as comfortable as I would like.


Product name: PREMIUM SUP Leash 10' COILED by Own the Wave - Double Stainless Steel Swivels and Triple Rail Saver - Choose Color and with or without Waterproof Wallet Product review: I have used this for years.  I use it to go fishing, hiking, camping etc... It is a great product!


Product name: Klean Kanteen Classic Single Wall Stainless Steel Bottle With Leak Resistant Sport Cap 3.0 Product review: I love this bottle, it is very easy to clean and the lid fits perfectly on my cup.  I have a small head so I use this for water only but if you are like me then you will be happy with this product!


Product name: BAMBOO DROP THROUGH THRU LONGBOARD SKATEBOARD COMPLETE 70mm PINK WHEELS Product review: I have a pair of these and they are great.  I use them for skateboarding, but also as a roller skates when going to the gym or walking around town.


Product name: TMS 50 Mix Colors Chinese Paper Sky Flying Wishing Lantern Lamp Candle Party Wedding Wish Product review: I bought this for my daughter's birthday.  She loves it and uses it every day!  It is a great gift idea, too!!


Product name: Coleman Thermoelectric Cooler 120-Volt Adapter Product review: I have a Coleman cooler that is not working.  I was able to find this adapter and it works great!


Product name: Cuipo Product review: I love this product.  I use it for my hair and skin, but also as a shampoo/conditioner in the shower. It is very gentle on your hair!


Product name: Columbia Sportswear Perfect Cast Polo Shirt Product review: I love this shirt.  I have a few of them and wear them all the time!  They are comfortable, stylish, and easy to wash.


Product name: Giro Kid's Rascal Bike Helmet (Pink Unicorns, Universal Child Medium/Large) Product review: I have a 5 year old daughter and she loves this helmet.  She has been riding since the age of 2 so it is very comfortable for her to wear while we ride.


Product name: Ergon GS2 Grips Product review: I have been using these for a few years now.  They are great, but they do wear out after about 2-3 months of use.


Product name: 3V Gear Commander 2L Hydro Tank - Hydration Reservoir - Compatible with Camelbak and Other Hydration Packs Product review: I love this.  I use it for my bike, hiking, camping, etc... It is a great way to keep your water fresh!


Product name: Clement MXP Cyclocross Tire 700 x 33 Product review: I have been using these tires for a few years now and they are still going strong.  I use them on my road bike, mountain bike and even the occasional cyclocrosse ride.


Product name: Giro Ambient Toe Cover Medium Product review: I have a pair of these and they are great.  I wear them with my road bike shoes, but also use them for walking around town or to the grocery store.


Product name: MPOWERD Luci Outdoor - Inflatable Solar Light Product review: I bought this for my son and he loves it.  He has a hard time finding the right spot to put his head up at night, so this is perfect!


Product name: PAIR KRYT INNOVA CRUISER Bike Tires 26 x 2.125 Steel Bead 40 - 65 PSI Product review: I have been using these tires for about a year now and they are great!  I use them on my road bike, mountain bike and even my commuter bike.


Product name: Life is good Women's Crusher Wild At Heart Tee Product review: I love this shirt.  I wear it to work and when I get home from work, I put on my favorite pair of jeans and a t-shirt!


Product name: CoolReall&trade; Self Balancing Scooter Two 6.5" Wheel Self Balance Electric Hoverboard Drifting Personal Transporter Mini Unicycle with Certified Safe Battery Pack and Led Lights(Blue) Product review: I have had this for about a month now, it is great!  I use it to get around the house when my legs are tired from working out or doing chores.


Product name: MSR MugMate Coffee/Tea Filter Product review: I have been using this filter for a few months now and it works great.  I use the coffee filters to make my own iced tea, but also as an alternative to buying pre-made ices at the store.


Product name: TELESIN Gopro Dive Scuba Diving Mask w/ Mount Compatible with Go Pro Hero3, 3+ and 4/4 Session, Swimming Mask for Snorkel / Snorkeling Go-pro (Black) Product review: I have been using this mask for about a month now.  I love it!  It is easy to put on and take off as well as being very comfortable.


Product name: All Terrain AquaSport SPF28 Natural Sunscreen Face Stick (0.6- Ounce)(2Pack) Product review: I use this on my face and it works great!  I have sensitive skin so I don't need a lot of sunscreen, but this is just enough to keep me from burning or getting red.


Product name: Jansport Superbreak Backpack - Black Blue Zebra Product review: I love this backpack.  It is very comfortable and has a lot of pockets for my books, water bottle, etc.


Product name: Coghlan's Two Burner Non-Stick Camp Griddle, 16.5 x 10-Inches Product review: I have used this griddle for years and it is still going strong!  I use it to cook pancakes on the weekends or when we are camping.


Product name: Ello Syndicate BPA-Free Glass Water Bottle with Flip Lid, 20-Ounce Product review: I love this water bottle.  It is easy to clean and holds a lot of liquid for my morning coffee or tea.


Product name: Laken Drinking Cap (for Laken wide aluminum bottles only) Product review: I love this cap.  I use it for my water bottle and the lid fits perfectly on top of the bottle, so no need to worry about spills or leaks!


Product name: Axiom Mk 3 Alu Journey Uni-Fit Cycle Rear Rack, Black Product review: I have a bike with an aluminum frame and the rack is too small for it.  I had to get this one because my old one was falling apart after only 2 years of use.


Product name: Camp Chef Propane Compact Fire Ring Product review: I have used this on a couple of occasions and it works great.  I use the propane canister that comes with my camp stove to fill up the fire ring, then put in wood or charcoal for cooking.


Product name: Stansport Camping LED Camping Lantern with Fan Product review: I have used this lantern for a few years now and it has been great.  I use it in my tent, on the beach or at home when camping.


Product name: Kobwa(TM) Heart Shaped Sunglasses Eyewear,Black with Kobwa's Keyring Product review: I love these! They are so cute and the key ring is a great addition.  I wear them all day long in my office and they stay on my face without falling off or sliding down to my nose.


Product name: Brand New Fashion Us Waterproof Hooded Ripstop Wet Festival Rain Poncho At-Digital Camo Product review: I love this poncho.  It is very lightweight and easy to pack up for a day at the beach or pool!


Product name: Mountain House Breakfast Skillet Product review: I love this recipe.  I use it for breakfast, lunch and dinner!  It is so easy to make and tastes great.


Product name: RoyalBaby BMX Freestyle Kids Bike, Boy's Bikes and Girl's Bikes with training wheels, 12 inch, 14 inch, 16 inch, 18 inch, Gifts for children Product review: I bought this bike to use as a gift.  It was very easy to assemble and it is sturdy enough that my son can ride on his own without me holding him up.


Product name: Intex Sit N Float Inflatable Lounge, 60" X 39", (Colors May Vary), 1 Pack Product review: I have a small dog and this is the perfect size for her to lay on.  She loves it!


Product name: UST Blue Sky Gear Table Cloth Clamps, Silver Product review: These are great for the price.  I use them to hold my table cloths in place while I'm cooking and they work well.


Product name: Gerber 31-001040 Dime Micro Tool Product review: I have used this for years.  I use it to cut the plastic on my water bottles and other small items that need a dremel tool.


Product name: Schwinn 18-Function Bicycle Tool Kit Product review: I have a lot of tools for my bike.  This is the best tool kit ever!  I use it every time I ride and it's always ready to go when needed.


Product name: Razor Spark 2.0 Kick Scooter Product review: I have a hard time getting on and off the scooters, but it is easy to get up and down from my chair.  I like that you can adjust your seat height so you don't fall over when riding.


Product name: Great Eastern Entertainment Dragon Ball Z Son Goku Messenger Bag Product review: I love this bag.  I use it for my son's school backpack and lunch box, as well as to carry around his books at home. It is very sturdy and holds up great!


Product name: Jessup Griptape Colors skateboard griptape sheets (9-Inch x 33-Inch) Product review: I have been using these for a few years now and they are still going strong.  I use them on my board, wheels, trucks, etc...


Product name: InStep Sync Single Bicycle Trailer Product review: I have a bike trailer that is not compatible with this.  I would recommend getting the same brand and model of bicycle trailer as your current one, or get something else to use for your commute.


Product name: Camelbak Podium Bottle Product review: I love this bottle.  I use it for my water and sports drinks, but also to carry around in the car when we go on road trips or camping. It is easy to clean out after a day of hiking/camping.


Product name: WEANAS Single & Double Hammock Ultralight, Lightweight Portable Parachute Nylon Outdoor Indoor Camping Hammock, For Camping, Hiking, Backpacking, Kayaking & Travel, Garden Product review: I have used this hammock for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it on my back porch in the summer to sit out with friends or just relax after work.


Product name: Camden Gear Hydration Water Bladder. 2L 2.5L 3L Liter Bag Pack - With Insulated Mouth Tube Valve - Best for Camping Hiking Climbing Outdoor Cycling and Running - Sports Backpack Reservoir System Product review: I use this bladder in my backpack when hiking, it works great!  I have a small bladder that fits into the reservoir but if you want to carry more than one water bottle then this is your best bet.


Product name: Backpack / Stool Combo - Olive Drab Product review: I use this for my son's school backpack.  It is a great size and fits perfectly in the back pocket of his bag.


Product name: Dakine Mens ON White Product review: Great product.  I use it for my kayak and I have no problems with the waterproofing or anything else about this bag.


Product name: Outdoor Research Women's Oasis Sombrero Product review: I love this hat.  I have worn it in the rain and snow, but not too much of either. It is very comfortable to wear.


Product name: Ten Toes WEEKENDER 10-Feet Inflatable Standup Paddleboard SUP Product review: I have been using this board for about a month now and it is great.  I use it on the beach, in lakes, rivers, etc... It's easy to carry around with you when you are out of town or just want something fun

Product name: Xtreme Air Bike Pump - Built-in digital pressure gauge, 3 inflation needles. Easy connect valve inflates to 160 PSI Product review: I have a bike that is not very easy for me to ride on the road and this pump makes it much easier!  I can easily get my tires pumped up without having to stop at every gas station or store.


Product name: Mongoose BMX Bike Gel Knee and Elbow Pad Set Product review: I have a lot of knee pain.  I use this for my bike rides, but it also works great on the treadmill or elliptical machine as well!


Product name: Alafen Outdoor Sports Half Finger extended Wrist Fitness Gloves Product review: I have been using these for a few years now.  I use them to keep my hands warm and dry while working out in the cold weather.


Product name: Schwinn Alloy Bicycle Pedals Product review: I have a pair of these and they are great.  I use them on my road bike, but also for the occasional spin around town or to go shopping with my wife.


Product name: TerraLUX MiniStar31 M-EX LED Conversion Kit for 4-6 D Cell Product review: I have a set of these lights and they are great.  I use them in my car, boat, RV, etc... They work well with the stock headlights on my truck.


Product name: Legendary Whitetails Men's Legends Blaze Recon Sunglasses Legends Blaze One Size Product review: I have been wearing these for a few years now and they are still going strong.  I wear them on the beach, in the pool or just about anywhere else where I need to be seen.


Product name: Cool Downz Inflatable Salad/Serving Bar, White, 51"L x 25" W x 4.5"Deep Product review: I bought this for my daughter's birthday and she loves it! It is a great way to keep her cool when we are out in the hot weather. She can sit on it while eating or just lay down with it next to her bed.


Product name: Grand Trunk Parasheet Beach Blanket or Picnic Blanket with Patented Sand Anchor Pockets, Stake Loops, and Attached Stuff Sack - Best Beach Blanket for Outdoors Product review: I bought this to use on the beach.  It is very lightweight but still keeps me warm when it gets cold out. It also has a nice design that makes you feel like you are wearing something special!


Product name: ODI bike grips handle Rouge Bonus Pack Product review: I have been using these for a few years now and they are still holding up well.  I use them on my road bikes, mountain bikes and even some of the kids bikes that we ride around town.


Product name: High Sierra Fat Boy Backpack Product review: I love this backpack.  It is very comfortable and has a lot of pockets for my books, water bottle, etc.


Product name: Giordano Rapido Single Speed Road Bike Product review: I have been riding for a few years now and this is my first road bike.  I love it!  It's light, easy to pedal, has great gears (even the lowest) and looks awesome too!!


Product name: Dakine Factor Laptop Backpack Product review: Great backpack for the price.  I use it to carry my laptop, books and other items when I travel. It is very comfortable and easy to pack up.


Product name: Victorinox Swiss Army Rescue Tool Pocket Knife with Pouch Product review: I have used this knife for years.  It is a great tool and has saved my life many times over the years!


Product name: Womens NFL 21 Green Bay Packers Pink Victoria's Secret T-shirt Product review: I love this shirt.  I have it in a few colors and wear it all the time!


Product name: Condor Mesh Tactical Cap Product review: Great cap, but the fit is a little tight.  I have to wear it with my glasses on and I can't see out of them when wearing this hat.


Product name: ExOfficio Women's Dryflylite Long Sleeve Shirt Product review: I love this shirt.  I have a lot of sweaty workouts and it keeps me cool, dry, and comfortable!


Product name: Titanium Funnel Flask Product review: I love this funnel.  I use it for my coffee and tea, but also to pour water into the sink when I'm doing dishes or washing clothes. It's easy to clean up after using too!


Product name: Ironlace Lace (1-Pair) Product review: I have been using this for a few years now.  I use it to make my own hair ties and also as an emergency bandage when I get cut or scraped up on the job site.


Product name: Ultrafire® Cree 7W 300LM Mini LED One Mode Flashlight Product review: I have a flashlight that is not working.  I was able to get it fixed by replacing the battery and then recharging it with an external charger.


Product name: ful Unisex Adult Refugee Laptop Backpack Product review: I love this backpack.  It is very sturdy and has a lot of pockets for my laptop, books, etc. It also fits perfectly on the plane or train without being too bulky.


Product name: Soozier Kinetic Resistance Cycling Indoor Bike Trainer Stand - Black Product review: I have a bike that is too big for my house.  I was looking at getting an indoor trainer to use in the basement, but this looks like it would be more convenient and easier on my back than having to go outside or up stairs every

Product name: Airhead AHHO-1 Hoopla 1 Person Pool/Water Float Product review: I bought this for my son who is a swimmer.  He loves it and uses it every day!


Product name: Quik Shade Adjustable Canopy Folding Camp Chair Product review: I have a small camper and this is the perfect chair for it.  I can sit in my car or on the beach without getting sunburned!


Product name: Ultra Bright Camping Lantern, Collapsible LED Lantern, Super Bright, Lightweight and Water Resistant, Suitable for: Hiking, Camping, Emergencies, Hurricanes, Outages - Black Product review: I use this as a headlamp.  It is bright enough to see in the dark but not so bright that it blinds you or burns your eyes.


Product name: Coleman Comfortsmart  Cot Product review: I have used this for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it in my truck, camper, and boat.


Product name: 2nd Generation Olight S30R II -3600mAH Baton 1020 Lumen Rechargeable LED Flashlight, LumenTac AC and DC USB Adapter Product review: I have had this flash light for about a month now.  It is great!  I use it to find my way around the house at night when I am not using my headlamp or flashlight.


Product name: Stark Bike Light LED Set - Best & Brightest Waterproof Front and Back Lights - Sleak & Rugged - Mount w/out Tools - Road, Racing & Mountain Bikes - Batteries Included - Replacement Guarantee Product review: I have a bike that is not very bright.  I was looking for something to make it more visible at night. This works great! It's easy to install and looks good on my bike.


Product name: UST Micro Sparkwheel Product review: I have a lot of sparkwheels and this is the best one.  I use it for my car, bike, and even on my treadmill at home!


Product name: Stearns Puddle Jumper Deluxe Life Jacket, 30-50 lbs Product review: I have used this life jacket for about a year now.  I use it when fishing and boating in the ocean or lake. It is very comfortable to wear and easy to put on/take off.


Product name: Cycle Torch Shark 500 USB Rechargeable Bike Light Set - FREE LED Taillight INCLUDED – SUPER-BRIGHT 500 Lumens - Fits ALL Bicycles, Hybrid, Road, MTB, Easy Install & Quick Release Product review: I have a bike that is not very bright.  I was looking for something to make it more visible at night and this fits the bill perfectly!


Product name: Darn Tough Men's Merino Wool No-Show Light Cushion Athletic Socks Product review: These are great socks.  I have a pair of these for every day wear and they last me about 2 weeks before I need to replace them.


Product name: Outdoor Products Sea-Tac Rolling Backpack Product review: I use this backpack for my daily commute to work.  It is very comfortable and easy to carry on the train or bus, but it does not have a lot of storage space so you need to be careful about what you pack in there.


Product name: Snow Peak Thermal Lid 300ml Product review: I have used this for years and it works great.  I use it to keep my coffee warm while traveling, or when the weather is cold outside.


Product name: High Sierra Tank Messenger Product review: I love this tank.  I have a small frame and it fits perfectly, but if you are looking for something bigger than that then look elsewhere.


Product name: Columbia Women's Bahama Long-Sleeve Shirt Product review: I love this shirt.  I have a few of them and wear them all the time!  They are so comfortable, but still look great with jeans or shorts.


Product name: BOBIN Black Multi-function Outdoor Cycling Traveller Pannier Set ROSWHEEL Durable Waterproof Bicycle Bike Rear Seat Bag, 2 Side Bags+1 Top Bag (Back) Product review: I have used this bag for a few years now and it has held up well.  I use it on my road bike, mountain bike and commuter bike.


Product name: YOUR Pillow! by SHO - Ultimate Self Inflating Camping Pillow, Travel Pillow, Air Pillow, Inflatable Pillow & Festival Pillow Product review: I have used this pillow for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it on my air mattress at home or in the car when traveling.


Product name: Kelsyus Chaise Lounger Product review: I love this chair.  It is very comfortable and easy to clean!  I have a small dog that loves it too, so we can sit on the couch together while watching TV or reading books.


Product name: Boli 10 Litres Collapsible Water Tank Water Container Water Carrier- Food Grade Product review: I use this for my water bottle and it works great.  I have a small one that fits in the pocket of my backpack, but if you need more than 1 or 2 bottles at once then this is your best bet!


Product name: 4 Modes 5 LED Waterproof Bike Safety Laser Tail Light With Parallel Beam Product review: I have been using this light for a few months now and it has worked great.  I use it on my bike, motorcycle, snowmobile, ATV, etc...


Product name: TOPCABIN® Pair of BMX Cycle Bicycle Mountain Bike Alloy 9/16" Pedals Pedles Pedal (Red (a pair)) Product review: I have a set of these pedals and they are great.  I use them on my mountain bike, but also for the occasional road ride as well.


Product name: Osprey Meridian Wheeled Luggage (22-Inch/60-Liter) Product review: I have used this for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it on my motorcycle, backpacking trips, and even to the gym!


Product name: Hydro Flask Stainless Steel Insulated Drinking Bottle, Narrow Mouth Product review: I love this bottle.  I use it for my morning coffee and the cold water keeps me hydrated all day long!


Product name: CoolReall&trade; Self Balancing Scooter Two 6.5" Wheel Self Balance Electric Hoverboard Drifting Personal Transporter Mini Unicycle with Certified Safe Battery Pack and Led Lights(Black) Product review: I have had this for about a month now, it is great!  I use it to get around the house when my legs are tired from working out or doing chores.


Product name: Croakies Kids' Croakies Eyewear Retainer Product review: I have a hard time getting my glasses on and off.  I use these to keep them in place while I'm wearing them, but they don't stay put when I take them off!


Product name: Coleman 9 Cup Coffee Percolator Product review: I have a coffee maker that makes great coffee, but it is not very good at percolating.  This works well and does the job of making my morning cup of joe!


Product name: Bright and Convenient - The Solar Cubed Inflatable Solar Cell Rechargeable LED Lantern Light with a Charge Indicator - Clean Energy Lighting for Camping, Hiking, Outdoor Entertaining or Emergencies. Packs Small for Convenient Storage but Gives You BIG Lighting Wherever You Need It Product review: I use this as my headlamp when hiking in the woods at night.  It is bright enough to see where you are going without having to turn on your flashlight.


Product name: Hobie Rod Leash - Webbing Product review: Great product.  I use it with my kayak and I have never had a problem with the leash slipping off or getting caught on anything.


Product name: WindFire® F13 Waterproof 2000 Lumen Flashlight 5 Modes Cree T6 XM-L U2 L2 Led Camping Light AAA/18650/26650 Li-ion Battery Rechargeable Torch Flash Light Lamp With Lanyard for Camping Hiking and Outdoor Sports Indoor Activities (No Battery included) Product review: I bought this to use as a headlamp while hiking.  It is very bright, but it does not have an adjustable brightness setting so you can't set the light at your desired level of brightness.


Product name: Krypt Towers - Kneeboard Wakeboard Combo Tower Rack, 6061 Aircraft Grade Polished Aluminum,Full Size, Will Fit All Round Tubing Wake board Towers,Clamp Sizes-1 3/4", 1 7/8", 2", 2 1/4", 2 3/8", 2 1/2" Product review: I have a set of these and they are great.  I use them for my wakeboard tower rack as well as my kayak.


Product name: Jiale Replacement Bands with Metal Clasps for Fitbit Flex Wireless Activity Bracelet Sport Arm Band No tracker Product review: I have a fitbit flex and it broke.  I was able to get the bands from Amazon, but they were not as described in the description of what is included.


Product name: The Elixir Golf 6 Pairs Stretch Sport UV Protection Sleeve Sets Covers Arm Golf, Hiking, Cycling, Camping (White, Black, Gray, Pink, Mint Blue, Beige) Product review: I bought these for my husband and he loves them.  He has been wearing them on his bike rides to work and they have held up well so far!


Product name: Hydro Flask Wide Mouth BPA Free Travel Mug Hydro Flip Lid Product review: I love this mug.  I use it for my morning coffee and the lid is great to keep out of the way when not in use.


Product name: Pocket Fire Starter Works Like Match - Real Flame - 15,000 Lights Product review: I have used this for years.  I use it to start a fire in my fireplace and also as an emergency light when camping or hiking. It is very easy to carry around with you.


Product name: Fozzils Bowlz Pack Product review: I love these! They are so cute and easy to use.  I have a hard time finding bowls that fit my needs, but this one does the trick perfectly.


Product name: G4Free 130 PSI Bike Pump - Premium Portable Mini Bike Pump With Hidden Flexible Hose - Aluminum CNC Construction - For Mountain, Road Or BXM Bikes - Bike Frame Mounting Kit Included Product review: I have a mountain bike and this pump works great.  I use it for my road riding as well.


Product name: Life is good Women's Crusher Get Out Tee Product review: I love this shirt.  I wear it to work and when I go out with friends, too!


Product name: Stylish Baseball Hat with Solar Powered Mini Fan (Black) Product review: I love this hat.  It is very light weight and fits my head perfectly!  I have a large head so it's perfect for me.


Product name: Leray Self Balancing Scooter Balance Motion 6.5" Two Wheel Hoverboard with Certified Safe Battery Pack (Red) Product review: I have a hard time finding the right balance for my needs, but this one is perfect!  I can easily ride it around and even take it to work if needed.


Product name: Shoreline Marine Kayak Paddle Rounded 96" Product review: I have been using this paddle for about a year now.  I use it on my kayaks and canoes, as well as in the water with no problems at all.


Product name: PathBrite Headlamp Flashlight - for Outdoor/Indoor Activities. Hand-free SENSOR Turning ON/OFF. 3 Modes White CREE Light, LED Red, Flashing Red and Emergency - Ultra Bright. 3 AAA Duracell, Free Pouch Product review: I have used this head lamp in the past with no problems but now it is not working at all.  I am very disappointed that a product of such high quality would be so unreliable.


Product name: Velox Fond de Jante Rim Tape Product review: I have used this for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it on my rim tape, as well as the tires of my car.


Product name: Life is good Women's Crusher Sunshine Flops Tee Product review: I love these.  I have a pair of the same exact ones and they are great for summer!


Product name: Monkey Light M210 - 80 Lumen Bike Light - 360° Visibility - Wheel & Spoke Light Product review: I have a bike that is not very bright.  I was looking for something to make it more visible at night and this light does the job well!


Product name: Gavin VELO Road Bike Cycling Shoe Product review: I have been using these for a few months now and they are great.  I use them on my road bike, but also wear them when riding the trainer or going to spin class.


Product name: Outdoor Manager-Mens Cycling Bicycle Half Finger Gloves Sports Gloves Breathable Size M-XL Product review: I have been using these for a few years now and they are still going strong.  I use them on my road bike, mountain bike and even in the gym when doing weights.


Product name: Spiderman 6-volt Super Electric Ride-On Car, Red/Black/Blue Product review: I bought this for my son who is 4.  He loves it and has been riding on it since he was 2 years old!  It's a great toy to keep him busy while we are out shopping or running errands.


Product name: Kelty Shadehouse Accessory Wall Tent Product review: I have used this tent for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it in the back yard, but also on my boat when we go out fishing.


Product name: SwissGear 1186 Travel Gear Lightweight Bungee Backpack Product review: I use this backpack for my daily commute to work.  It is very light and easy to carry, but it does not have a lot of storage space.


Product name: EasyGo Rainbow Beach Umbrella Kids - Portable Wind Beach Umbrella Large – Folding Beach Umbrella Set with Screw Anchor and Carrying Bag Product review: I bought this for my daughter.  She loves it!  It is easy to carry around, but she can still use the umbrella when we are outside.


Product name: Tektro FL750 Brake Lever Silver/Silver 22.2mm Product review: I have a set of these on my bike and they work great!  I've had them for about 2 years now, but the only thing that has changed is the brake pads (which are still original).


Product name: Feedback Sports Velo Wall Rack Product review: I have a bike with a rack and this is the perfect way to carry my helmet, water bottle, pump etc.  I use it every time I ride!


Product name: Cressi Genius, Diving Regulator Instrument Computer Bags - Cressi: Quality Since 1946 Product review: I have been using this for years.  I use it with my dive computer and a second hand regulator to make sure that the pressure is correct when diving in cold water.


Product name: Source Tactical WXP Hydration Reservoir System with Storm Valve Product review: I have used this for a few years now and it has never failed me.  I use it in my AR15, M4, and SBR rifles as well as my Glock 17.


Product name: Scrubba Portable Laundry System Wash Bag, Light  Green Product review: I have a small apartment and this is the best way to wash my clothes.  I use it in the shower with hot water so that they are clean when I get out of the tub!


Product name: CamelBak Kid's 2016 Mini M.U.L.E. Hydration Pack Product review: I love this pack! It is so easy to carry around and fits in my purse or backpack without being too bulky. The water stays cold for a long time, even when it gets warm outside.


Product name: Kaufland 40º Superlite Mummy Sleeping Bag Green/Black Product review: I bought this for my son and he loves it.  He has a hard time sleeping in the car, so we use this as his bed at home.


Product name: Portland Design Works Danger Zone Tail Light Product review: I have a tail light that is not working.  I was able to get it fixed in less than an hour and the price was reasonable.


Product name: Dozen Kids Sports Wristbands assorted colors Product review: I have a son who loves to play basketball and he has been using these for years.  He is now in high school so we are out of them but they still work great!


Product name: Thule Atmos X3 Case for iPhone 6/6s Product review: I have a case on my phone and it works great.  I use this one to carry around in the car when I'm not using my iphone.


Product name: AquaFlask Vacuum Insulated Double Wall Stainless Steel Water Bottle with Handle, Multiple Sizes/Colors Product review: I love this water bottle.  It is very easy to clean and the handle makes it so much more comfortable than a regular plastic water cup.


Product name: AIRHEAD AHM2-2 Mach 2 Towable Product review: I have used this for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it on my lake, but also in the woods when i need to get out of the way from other people or animals.


Product name: Deluxe SUP Paddle Bag by ‘BPS’ Protect your paddle and carry multiple paddles effortlessly with one hand! - Choose 2-PIECE or 3-PIECE Product review: I use this bag for my kayak, but it's also great to have on the beach.  I've used it in a variety of places including the ocean (where you can't take anything else).


Product name: RainStoppers Auto Open Windbuster Sport Umbrella Product review: I have had this umbrella for a few years now and it has held up well.  I use it in the rain, but not too much as to get wet.


Product name: PLATYPUS GravityWorks 2L Replacement Reservoir Kit Product review: I have a gravity works pump and it is not working.  I tried to fix the problem but could not find anything wrong with my pump or reservoir.


Product name: Costa Del Mar Cortez Sunglasses Product review: I love these sunglasses.  They are very comfortable and look great on my face!  I have a hard time finding glasses that fit me well, but these do the job perfectly.


Product name: Mens White Black Red Premium Triathlon Singlet Skin Tri Cycling Suit Clothing Product review: I bought this for my husband and he loves it.  He is a tri-cyclist, so the extra padding makes him feel more comfortable on his bike rides.


Product name: DRY PAK DP-44W White/Gray 4" x 4" Alligator Waterproof Wallet Product review: I love this wallet.  I use it for my cell phone, credit cards and cash. It is very sturdy and water resistant. The only thing that would make me give it a 5 star rating is if the zipper was more secure.


Product name: Hydro Flask Insulated Wide Mouth Stainless Steel Water Bottle Bundle - 2 Items: 32 Ounce Bottle with Straw Lid Everest Blue Product review: I love this water bottle.  It is so easy to use and it keeps my drinks cold for a long time!


Product name: Klean Kanteen Single Wall Stainless Steel Cups, Pint Glasses in 10oz/16oz/20oz Product review: I love these cups.  They are easy to clean and hold a lot of water for my coffee or tea.


Product name: OuterStar Molle Backpack Rucksacks Tactical Assault Pack Comfortable Waterproof for Camping Hiking Trekking Climbing Product review: I use this backpack on my daily commute to work.  It is very comfortable and easy to carry around with a laptop, water bottle, etc.


Product name: Atom Drop Deck Longboard (39 Inch) Product review: I have a long board and this is the perfect size for it.  I use it on my beach house deck, but also take it to work with me when I'm riding around town.


Product name: XL/ larger Motorcycle Motorbike Water Resistant Dustproof UV Protective Breathable Cover Outdoor Green/Black w/ Carry Bag Stylish 90% Waterproof 245x105x125cm Product review: I bought this for my son and he loves it.  He has been riding his bike in the rain, snow or heat with no problems at all!


Product name: MEETLOCKS® USB Rechargeable Bike Torch, High Intensity Real USA Cree Q5 240 Lumens LED & 0.5W LED Flash Taillight(free charge) Combination Product review: I have a bike and it is very important to me that my lights are bright enough for the road.  This light has been great so far!


Product name: Columbia Sportswear Bora Bora Booney II Sun Hats Product review: I bought these for my son and he loves them.  He wears a hat all the time, so they are perfect!


Product name: Doctor Who TARDIS Knapsack Backpack 14 x 17in Product review: I love this backpack.  It is very comfortable and has a lot of pockets for my books, notebooks, etc...I have used it on many trips to the beach or hiking in the mountains.


Product name: Darn Tough Men's Merino Wool Hiker Boot Sock Full Cushion Socks Product review: I have worn these socks for a couple of years now and they are still going strong.  I wear them with my hiking boots, but also use them as regular socks when working outside in the yard or around the house.


Product name: Generic Mini LED Flashlight Key Chain - 12 Pack (Colors May Vary) Product review: I bought these for my son and he loves them.  He uses them to light up his room at night when we are out of town or just want a little extra lighting in the house.


Product name: Sea to Summit X Set 31 Product review: I have used this for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use the trekking poles, but they are not included in the set so you need to buy them separately.


Product name: Extreme Max 3005.0078 Rogue River Paddle Product review: I have been using this for about a year now and it is great!  I use it on my kayak, canoe, and even in the car when traveling to remote areas.


Product name: Etekcity 2 Pack Portable Outdoor LED Camping Lantern with 6 AA Batteries - Survival Kit for Emergency, Hurricane, Storm, Power Outage (Black, Collapsible) Product review: I bought this to use in my backyard.  It is a great product and works well. It has an easy on/off switch that makes it very convenient when you are camping or hiking.


Product name: Planet Bike The Dial Guage Analog Bicycle Tire Gauge (0-140psi) Product review: I have a bike with a Shimano 105 and this gauge is great.  I use it to check tire pressure, but also for other things like speedometer or odometer.


Product name: Sleep Sport Band Armband for Fitbit, Misfit, and for Sony SmartBand Product review: I have a fitbit flex band.  I wear it all the time to track my steps/calories burned etc... but this is too small!  It's not even close to fitting on my wrist.


Product name: Life is good Women's Crusher Color Paper Heart Tee Product review: I love this shirt.  I have it in black and white, but the colors are so pretty!  It fits great too.


Product name: Michelin Country Mud 26x2.00 Black Tyre Product review: I have been using these tires for a few years now and they are still going strong, but the tread is getting thinner so it's time to replace them with something else.


Product name: Nite Ize Flashflight LED Light Up Flying Disc, Glow in the Dark for Night Games, 185g Product review: This is a great product.  I use it to play disc golf and have had no problems with it at all.


Product name: Generic LED Solar powered Energy Saving Outdoor All-Weather Light Product review: I bought this for my son who is a big fan of the outdoors.  He loves it and uses it all year long!


Product name: Swagman XC Cross-Country 2-Bike Hitch Mount Rack (1/1/4 and 2-Inch Receiver) Product review: I have a set of these on my bike.  They are great for carrying extra gear, but they do not fit the front rack well at all.


Product name: SEATPOST SRST NCX SUSPN 31.6x350mm BK Product review: I have a lot of experience with this product and it works great for me, but if you are looking to get the most out of your bike then this is not the right tool for you.


Product name: Mac Sports Folding Cane Chair - Walking Stick with Stool Product review: I have a cane and use it for walking.  I also need to be able to sit down when I am tired or just want to rest my legs after standing all day at work. This is the perfect chair!


Product name: RockShox High-Pressure Shock Pump (300 psi max) Product review: I have a set of these on my bike and they work great.  I've had them for about 2 years now, no problems at all.


Product name: Longest Lasting Super Bright Rim Lights - Personalized LED Colorful Wheel Lights - Perfect for Safety and Fun - Easy to Install – Choose From Three Different Colors- 100% Money Back Guarantee – Blue – Green - Multicolored Product review: I bought these as a gift.  They are very bright, easy to install, and they look great on my bike!


Product name: 5W LED Headlamp Headlight Powered by AAA or 18650 Battery Product review: I have had this headlase for a few months now and it has been great.  I use it at night to go hiking, camping etc...and the battery lasts all day long!


Product name: Bellelli Pepe Rear Mounted Baby Carrier Product review: I love this carrier.  I use it for my daughter and she loves to be in the car with me!


Product name: Life is good Men's Adirondack Chill Crusher T-Shirt Product review: I love this shirt.  I wear it to work and when I get home from work, I put on my favorite pair of jeans and a hoodie and go for a walk in the woods or around town.


Product name: Geigerrig Rig 1600 Product review: I have a lot of experience with this type of equipment.  I've used it for years and love the way it works, but now that my wife is pregnant we need something more portable than our old standby.


Product name: 26" Huffy Nel Lusso Women's Cruiser Bike Product review: I love this bike.  I have a lot of friends who ride and they all say it is the best bike for them!


Product name: Micro Maxi Kick Scooter Metallic Red - Limited Edition Product review: I love this scooters.  I have a hard time finding one that is not too big for my needs and this fits the bill perfectly!


Product name: LazyNap LZ-01K Kids Air Bed with Flock Top for Camping, Nap Time or Sleepovers (Includes FREE Hand-Held A/C Electric Pump) Product review: I bought this to use as a bed in my camper.  It works great and is easy to set up. It's also very quiet when you are sleeping on it!


Product name: O'Neill Wetsuits Womens 3/2 mm Reactor Full Suit Product review: I have been using these for a few years now and they are still going strong.  I use them in the ocean, lake, river, etc...


Product name: ON THE WAY®10 x 2000mah 3.7v Cr123a 123a 16340 Rechargeable Battery White With 16340 Charger Product review: I have a battery that is not working and this one works great!  I can charge it in my car, at work or even on the go with no issues whatsoever.


Product name: Onoola 40oz Pocket Carrier for Hydro Flask Type Bottles with Adjustable Straps (Neoprene Sleeve/pouch) Product review: I love this!  I use it to carry my water bottle around campus.  It's easy to put on and take off, but also holds the bottle securely in place so you don't have to worry about spilling your drink while walking or

Product name: ExOfficio Men's Bugsaway Lumos Hoody Product review: I have worn this hoodie for a few years now and it is still in great condition.  I wear it with my favorite pair of jeans, and the zipper works well.


Product name: Timbuk2 Valencia Tote Bag Product review: I love this bag.  I use it for my laptop, books and other small items when traveling or at home. It is very sturdy and holds up well to the wear of daily life.


Product name: Stadium Seat by Cascade Mountain Tech, Regular Product review: I have a small child and this seat is perfect for him.  He loves it!


Product name: Topeak The Mini 9-Function Bicycle Tool Product review: I have been using this for a few years now.  I use it to remove the seat post from my bike and also as an extra tool when working on bikes in the shop or at home.


Product name: KingCamp Sleeping Bag Envelope Comfort Lightweight Portable 4 Season Warm Cool Weather Adult Easy Compress with Compression Sack for Camping Hiking Product review: I have used this bag on many occasions and it has always been a great product.  I use it in the summer when we go camping, hiking or just to be outside.


Product name: 60"x 80" Extra Thick Waterproof Picnic Blanket -Soft Polyester Oxford Cloth Beach Mat with Tote- Folds Small Great for Beach, tailgating, Camping, picnics, Travel, Sports, Concerts, emergencies & Outdoor Events- Moisture-proof, Blue Product review: I bought this to use as a beach blanket.  It is very soft and comfortable but it does not hold up well in the wind or rain.


Product name: U.S. Divers Youth Flare Jr Silicone Snorkeling Set Product review: I bought this for my son and he loves it! He is a big fan of snorkel gear, so we were looking to get him something new that would last longer than the old one he had been using. This fits his needs perfectly!!

Product name: Dakine Lumen Wallet Product review: I use this for my phone and it works great.  I have a case on the back so that when i'm not using it, its still protected from scratches or dings.


Product name: Cgecko Men's Reflex Gel Bike Full Finger Glove Cycling Skiing Skateboard Shock Pads Product review: I have been using these for a few years now and they are still going strong.  I use them on my mountain bike, road bike and skate board.


Product name: Topeak Aero Wedge Pack with Strap Mount Product review: I have a lot of bike bags and this is the best.  I use it for my road, mountain, and commuter bikes. It's easy to carry on your shoulder or in hand.


Product name: Wide View Dive Mask for Scuba and Snorkeling | BIG EYES made in Italy by Cressi: quality since 1946 Product review: I have used this mask on two different occasions.  It is a great mask, but it does not fit my face very well at all.


Product name: Grabber Space All Weather Blanket Product review: I have a small dog and this is the perfect blanket for him.  He loves it!


Product name: Eurosock,Running Socks,Ultra Light Weight,Snug Fit and Feel,Creates High Performance Protection, Moisture Control - 6709 Product review: I have been wearing these for a few years now.  I wear them in the winter when it is cold outside but they are great to wear during any season of the year.


Product name: KimLee 60+10L Outdoor Sport Waterproof Hiking Backpack for Outdoor Travel Climbing Camping Mountaineering Product review: I use this backpack on my daily commute to work.  It is very comfortable and fits a lot of stuff in it, including water bottles.


Product name: Multi-functional Outdoor Gym Sport Travel Cute Pack Bag Pouch Belt Bum Bag with Adjustable Shoulder Strap Product review: I use this for my gym bag and it works great.  I have a small laptop, water bottle, keys, etc., so the extra space is nice!


Product name: Pinnacle Water Sports SUP Deck Bungee Kit / Marine Grade Bungee with Tension Adjuster (18 colors) Product review: I have used this on a few occasions and it works great.  I use the bungees to secure my boards in place when not using them, but they are also useful for securing your board while you're riding.


Product name: OnGuard Pitbull Ls, 11.5" X 4.5" Product review: I have a pit bull and he is very protective of me so this was perfect for him! He loves it too!!


Product name: JASSINS Fashionable Canvas Backpack College Laptop Bag Black Stripe Product review: I love this bag.  It is a great size and very sturdy, but it does not have any pockets or compartments for my laptop so that's why i gave it 4 stars instead of 5.


Product name: World of Warcraft 10th Anniversary WOW Messenger Bag - Computer Laptop, Books - Blizzcon 2014 (Army Canvas Green) Product review: I love this bag.  I use it for my laptop and books when traveling to the office or home. It is very sturdy and holds everything well.


Product name: Infuser Water Bottle 24 Oz - Made with TRITAN BPA Free - Free Recipe Ebook Download Product review: I love this water bottle.  I use it for my morning coffee and to keep a refill of water in the car, at work or on the go!


Product name: Katadyn Hiker Pro Microfilter Product review: I have used this filter for a few years now and it works great.  I use it in my kayak, canoe, backpacking gear, etc...


Product name: Shimano PD-M424 SPD Pedal (9/16-Inch, Black/Silver) Product review: I have a pair of these and they are great.  I use them on my road bike as well as my mountain bike.


Product name: Pelican Elite Cooler Wire Basket Product review: I have a large cooler that is too big for my car.  I use this basket to keep it from getting crushed when we go on road trips and the kids are in the back seat.


Product name: Schwinn MTB Tire with Kevlar, 24-Inch Product review: I have a lot of experience riding on the road and offroad.  I've had this tire for about 2 years now and it's been great so far. It has held up well to my abuse (and some) and is still going strong

Product name: Coleman Sky Blue Powercap Hands-Free LED Flashlight Cap with 3 Modes Product review: I use this for camping and hiking.  It is very bright, easy to see in the dark, and it fits well on my head.


Product name: Outdoor Research Wind Pro Hat Product review: I have used this hat for a couple of years now and it has held up well.  I use it in the rain, snow or windy conditions.


Product name: Continental Light 60mm Presta Valve Tube Product review: I have a set of these on my bike and they work great.  I've had them for about 2 years now, no problems at all.


Product name: The Friendly Swede Portable Alloy Mini Bike Pump, Black Product review: I have a small bike and this pump works great.  I use it to inflate tires when they are flat or for airing up my tires after riding in the rain.


Product name: LSD 1PC 3 in 1 Outdoor Camping Hiking Emergency Survival Gear Tool Kits Whistle With Compass Thermometer Army Green Lanyard Multi-function Ultraloud Useful NEW Product review: I have used this for years.  I use it to keep track of my water and food supplies, as well as a whistle when hiking or camping.


Product name: CHENBO Portable Collapsible Outdoor Backpacking Camping Stove Butane Propane Burner for Gas Canisters Product review: I have used this stove on several trips and it works great.  I use a small canister of gas to light the fire, then add more fuel as needed.


Product name: Mirrycle Mountain Bike Mirror Product review: I have a mountain bike and this mirror is great.  I use it on my road bike as well, but the mount for that works better than this one.


Product name: Pearl Izumi - Ride Men's Elite Pursuit Jersey Product review: I have been using this jersey for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it on my road bike, mountain bike and even some of the local trails in Colorado.


Product name: KPOP EXO-K EXO-M Backpacks Overdoes XOXO Wolf Schoolbag Luhan Kris Starry Sky Satchel Product review: I love this bag! It's so cute and it has a lot of space.  I use it for school, gym, shopping, etc...


Product name: ExOfficio Men's Give-n-Go Sport Mesh Vee Underwear Tee Product review: I have been wearing these for a few years now.  I wear them under my work clothes and they are comfortable, but not too hot or cold.


Product name: BV Adjustable Bicycle Bike Kickstand with Concealed Spring-Loaded Latch, for 24-29 Inch Bicycles Product review: I have a bike that is too big to fit in the basket of my car.  I use this kick stand on it and it works great!


Product name: Travel Money Belt RFID Blocking Hidden Waist Stash Venture 4th Product review: I use this for my wallet, keys and phone.  It is very easy to put on your bag or purse without having to worry about it falling out of the pocket when you are walking around town.


Product name: Sweat GUTR Sweatband Product review: I have been wearing this for a few months now and it is still going strong.  I wear it on my bike, hiking, running, etc...


Product name: Slumberjack Boundary 40 Degree Reg Rh Product review: I have a small dog and this is the perfect bed for her.  She sleeps on it all night long, even when she's not in heat!


Product name: WeeRide Co-Pilot Bike Trailer Product review: I have a bike that is too big for my car.  I use this to transport it from the house to work and back home again. It works great!


Product name: OxyLED 51 LED UV Flashlight, Ultraviolet Blacklight Detector Aluminum Torch Light for Pet Dog Cat Urine Stain Bed Bug Scorpion Detection Product review: I have a cat and he has been spraying on the floor.  I was looking to buy something that would be able to detect urine stains in my carpet without having to clean it up every time. This is perfect!


Product name: Sun 5-Speed Coaster Brake Hub Conversion Kit for Adult 3-Wheeler Product review: I have a 2013 Honda CRF250R and this kit works great.  I had to do some minor modifications but it was worth the effort.


Product name: Helly Hansen Women's Crew Midlayer Sailing Rain Jacket Product review: I love this jacket.  It is very warm and waterproof, but not too heavy or bulky for a day on the boat.


Product name: Arctic Zone Eco Blend 45 Can Freezer Tote Product review: I love this bag.  It is a great size for my lunch and snacks, but it also has plenty of room to hold other items as well!


Product name: BV Bicycle Adjustable Center Kickstand for Bike 24 to 28-Inch Product review: I have a bike that is 26" and it fits perfectly.  I use this on my road bike, but also take it with me when I ride the trails.


Product name: Slime 10004 Tube Sealant, 16 oz. Product review: I have used this product for years and it has always worked well on my car windows.  I use a small amount of the tube to apply to each window then let sit overnight before wiping off with a cloth or paper towel.


Product name: Best Rated PROTECTED Sports & Travel Towel SET for Camping-Swim-Beach-Gym-Yoga-Backpacking-take anywhere any trip. Fast Drying-Antimicrobial Treated-Compact Microfiber-Super Absorbent. No more big bulky smelly germ laden towels. Includes 12” x 24” Protected Hand/Face Towel. FREE MESH BAG with each set purchase! Dry Yourself with a PROTECTED Towel by Life Towel Now! Product review: I use this to dry my face after washing it in the shower and then putting on makeup, but also as an extra towel when going out or camping. It's very absorbent so you don't have to worry about getting your clothes wet from sweat

Product name: Topeak Explorer 29Er Tubular Rack with Disc Mount (Black, 16.5x6.7x16.3-Inch) Product review: I have a bike that is too big for my car and this rack makes it easy to carry the bike in the trunk of my vehicle when going on long trips.  I also use it as an extra bag while riding so I can keep things dry

Product name: Sunlite Forza Riser Block Gray Product review: I have a 2013 Ford Edge and the sunlites are great.  I use them on my roof rack to keep it from getting too hot in the summer, but they also work well for keeping the windshield clear when driving at night or during

Product name: Yes4All Lightweight Camping Hammock with Carry Bag – Multi Color Available (Single) & Tree Strap (Optional) Product review: I have used this hammock for a few years now and it is still going strong.  I use it in the backyard, on my porch or even at work when I need to get some shade from the sun.


Product name: GOOQ® New Solid Stainless Steel Watchband Wristband for Samsung Galaxy Gear 2 R380 Neo R381 Live R382 Smart Watch Strap Compatible with LG G Watch W100/W110 Smart Watch Product review: I have a few of these and they are great.  I use them on my Fitbit Flex, Apple watch, and now the Samsung Gear S2.


Product name: Scuba Diver Signal Tube Marker Buoy with Inflator and Safety Whistle Product review: I have used this for years.  I use it in the ocean, on a boat or at home when diving. It is very easy to inflate and deflate.


Product name: Floating Hand Strap Floating Wrist Strap for Waterproof Underwater Cameras, Phones Perfect for Swimming, Diving, Sea Fishing or other Water Sports Product review: I use this on my iPhone 5s and it works great.  I have a small wrist so the strap is not too tight but still holds my phone in place while swimming.


Product name: CatEye - Strada Wireless Universal Cycle Computer Product review: I have been using this for about a year now.  I love it!  It is easy to use and the battery lasts long enough that you don't need to worry about recharging often.


Product name: Sunday Afternoons Adventure Hat Product review: I love this hat.  It is very comfortable and looks great on my head!  I have a large head, so it fits me perfectly.


Product name: Nalgene Tritan 20oz MultiDrink BPA-Free Water Bottle Product review: I love this water bottle.  It is easy to clean and holds a lot of liquid for my daily commute.
