I bought this to use on my school trips, the straps fall apart and the fabric has holes. I would not recommend this product.
Wish I had my sewing machine with me for this but this backpack was sturdy enough to carry my sewing machine, pens etc. The canvas is a little scratched but a quick fix!
Love the bag!! It was well received. I thought I would use the bag as a laptop bag and my husband had a lot of questions so I thought it was useful.
This would make a great gift, even if it is for adults who don't understand the need.  For a teenager to understand that backpack is a need and not a want, I don ...Product Review: This was my second one.  They are better than the first one I bought.  The fabric is lighter weight.  They fit my arms just fine.  There is a few small rips, but I can live with that.  The only reason I gave it three stars instead of four is because the elastic band was so thin.
This bag is great. I have a couple of sizes smaller, and they fit perfectly. They take a while to dry, but I am okay with it.
Love the quality of the material. Very nice! It feels comfortable and well-made. I like the size and the quality. Highly recommend!
I absolutely love this backpack. I had to have a second one for school, it was very sturdy and well built. I use it all the time now.
Bought one as a gift for my daughter. She was really excited to get it and put it to use. I think she's going to love it, and I know other people who have used it too.
I am disappointed in these. The size I ordered was a little large for my 13 yr old, but these did not appear to be any larger.
Very well made, a little larger than I needed. The straps are a bit on the uncomfortable side. Otherwise, this is great and was shipped very well.
I was very pleased with the quality of this backpack. It was easy to assemble and has enough storage to fit a lot of books and personal items. One complaint I have is that the zipper doesn't fit in my small mouth and when I try to close it in the right way it won't shut.
Beautiful workmanship and quality! I purchased this to use as a travel bag, but it's so small that I ended up tossing it in the trash as soon as I finished with it.  I highly recommend this for anyone looking for a good small size bag!
I bought this for my brother, as I have read that it was soft, but not as nice as a brand name soft toy. Very happy with my purchase and am always looking for another to give as a gift to a friend.
I'm a fan of the boys! I'm a 7th-10th grader and these are the perfect size. Very durable. Mine also looks great with the embroidered stars on the back!
As stated earlier, the color did not show up but I did a small experiment to compare colors. The lightest color is the one that shows up better, which is black. So overall, a good buy.
I use this backpack as a day bag, and it is very handy for shopping. It's roomy for groceries and other stuff I need for work. Very happy with the purchase.
The bag is good. Not cheap but I like it. Very large and well made. Well made for the price.
It's great I have a lot of gear that I use the pockets for.  It stores my camera without looking like a bag, and my phone is hidden in the center.
I bought this for my daughter's 10th birthday and she loves it.  The only thing I do not like is that the bag's front is not straight and this makes it hard to hold with one hand.
I have been going through a rough time of my life and this backpack is the light in the darkness.  It's great, it makes my life easier.  I'm a fan of this company.
So cute, my favorite thing! Very sturdy and sturdy materials... Great product! I would recommend!
I received my purchase in timely fashion and it is very good quality. A great buy!
This is a great bag! I have had it for a little over a year and it is still working great.  I'm a heavy user and it is roomy and a great size for many things.
Beautiful, well made and stylish backpack. Nice thick leather straps. The fabric and color are fantastic! I have a lot of items I can fit into it. Thanks for the item.
Not exactly the size I needed it to be but I'm OK with it because it isn't too tight. It fits my 5 year old perfect!!!
This is really nice and will last for years of traveling with little ones. Only drawback is the shoulder strap, but overall a great product.
We love these. I purchased the black one for my grandson. It's adorable. We use it on the road. You know who you are!
I am using this for 3 backpacks. They are still getting used but I like the way this bag fits and the organization.<br /> The size is about right.<br /> Highly recommend!
It will do for a laptop or a little weekend backpack but not a full sized bag. It is too large and bulky for what I need.
Looks great! I like the pockets on the front and I like the zip lock closure. I also like the shoulder straps and handles.  The material is very sturdy and it didn't give me any issues with wear.  I'm happy with this purchase.
This backpack has a zipper closure that seems to not work. I had to replace the zipper to have enough room for the picture I want.
I love these. Perfect size. I don't find I have to look very long. The colors are beautiful, as are the construction. They are easy to pack and the shoulder straps are comfortable.
I purchased these for two children. They are a cute and functional little backpack for a couple of years.<br />However the straps broke within the first six months and the zipper was very difficult to zip open.
Perfect! Loved this pack! My wife loves to pack for travels. She will always put it out with her luggage. It is super light. I didn't know how much I needed so I went overboard. Great product!
Great quality backpack. It fits just right. The only gripe I have is that the zippers are a little dirty on the outside and on the inside.
I needed a shoulder bag to hold my clothes and the camera when traveling. After reading reviews and looking at a lot of different types, this is the only one I have purchased. It's well-made and is a bit small but fits a lot of stuff.
I just wanted a pack big enough for all the clothes, and well packed. I found it in a great size, but don't bother with the review.
I used this as a carry-on size with room for my clothes and my laptop but did not like the shoulder straps since they did not fit comfortably.  It was perfect for the trip to work.
I think the boys will like this backpack!  Their old one was too big for them, but this one fits them perfectly.  The velcro straps on the corners are a nice touch too.  Excellent product!
Great backpack! The pockets are a little large, but I like to keep my gym clothes out and only take my school books. It's definitely big enough and does hold a lot of stuff.
I love the look of this backpack. The color is beautiful!  I bought a black for my husband but he LOVED it too.  The stitching on the straps is very nice and the quality is great.  Will definitely order again!
 I'm so happy with this backpack it is great I have it since 2011 and the quality has not changed! This has been so much better than my previous backpack I had I didn't like that much, I still recommend the backpack, thank you so much  my friends love the backpack just a little more weight but you never know  =)
I purchased this for a college trip.  It was a perfect backpack for the price.  It holds all the books I need and I didn't have to buy any other books.  A definite win.
Good size backpack that I would recommend. Easy to take. The zippers are on both sides of the bag and the handles are strong. Perfect for everyday.
This is a nice bag I would buy it if it wasn't so big.  However, this was a birthday gift and the fabric is awful.  It was purchased for a child.
Very good quality. I would purchase this product again and use it again. The material is sturdy and does not wrinkle. I've had a lot of compliments on the fabric!
Great for school/workout bag.  Very well made.  There are only two marks on it.  No wrinkles or damage and just a great product overall.  Would buy it again in a heart beat!
The product was exactly as described and in good working order but the velcro was missing on the zipper. I paid extra and found it on Amazon!
I really like this backpack! I just returned my husband from a business trip and it was convenient and spacious in everyway. It does have a bit of a crease that gets tighter as you wear the straps over your head, but I live in it, I guess!
I received this and I love it. I have a shoulder bag for my laptop and this works perfectly. I would highly recommend it to someone.
