Bought this for my stepdaughter who has a vitamin D and B12 deficiency. She did have to take 2 tablets per day, so we switched and she is doing great!  She is very happy.  This is a good alternative to the other vitamin supplement, because she does have some trouble with her B12 level.
This is the second of these to arrive.  They have both been excellent tablets.  They last a long time too and I take them every night after dinner.  I think this company should be able to make it out to Europe and get an excellent product.
No complaints. I took them for the recommended 3 months and I can say that I still enjoy them. This is the first time this sort of tablet where I had no adverse effects, thankfully!
Bought these for my daughter. They are really easy to take.  She likes to chew on them.  They are very sweet, taste like candy. She likes that they aren't made with sugar.
Great price! No side effects to speak of. This tablet is a godsend for those who suffer from sinusitis (with or without allergy). They do the trick.
Bought these to help me with a migraine issue I had, but it actually seemed to help. It was easy to take and it lasted a very long time.
I used this on a bad hip, and it worked. I think it does wonders. It had no side effects and I felt great.
The medicine worked as well as I expected but I ended up with the flu. Don't like the taste of it I like the pill.
The tablet is very tasty, but when it came to the mouth the taste was not even similar to the taste in the tube, it tastes almost off.  I'm guessing that's probably the case with this tablet.
Purchased and was pleased with the delivery. It was well packaged and came as expected. I liked that the tablets were in individual portions.
It was hard to take, but it is all you need for a nice healthy diet and it has helped my skin!
Was very easy to find and this tablet had good absorption. I was able to finish my work. If it was available, I would recommend it.
These tablets are the best you can buy. I have taken them for a month now, and they haven't failed to provide the relief I was looking for. They are tasty and easy to take. I am very satisfied with these products.
Really does what it is advertised. I have been taking them for a year and half and I like them. The taste has become neutral.
I've been taking these tablets for a little over 3 weeks, and I have noticed an improvement in my menstrual condition. It has also helped with my stomach cramps and gas and I haven't had to use H2O or Alfalfa any more. Great product.
It helps a lot in my acne. I find that the capsules I take help with my pimples better than any prescription creams ever did.
These tablets are very convenient for daily use and the taste is pleasant. I take the 2nd pill after work and it does exactly what I wanted for a pain-free nighttime.
The tablets do a good job of breaking up the stomach and helping with flatulence and belching. I really like this product.
I take these and it is ok. It doesn't have an effect on my body and I can feel the energy of it.  I have tried others in that line, but they don't give you enough.
This works wonderfully for people with a hard time with their teeth. I would like to recommend this product highly.
The tablets arrived as promised and I really appreciate the convenient packaging.  Great customer service.  Took less than a week for delivery, just in case I have any problems.
These worked great on our dogs. Ate one before a show and the others helped them exercise and relax.  We tried other brands and they were unusable.<br /><br />Would recommend these for the price and the convenience.
These arrived in a timely manner and well packaged.  I purchased an extra 20 Count bottle to carry to a party.  Thanks for the fast service.
Just ordered these tablets from Healthspan for a friend. He was using them to cut back on his BP pills and noticed he did not need to take them as often as before. He has no side-effects and was pleasantly surprised to have a product that helps him keep his BP in check!
I have been taking these tablets for about 2 months. Initially I couldn't sleep. But I didn't take these tablets for more than 1 night and I had no more sleep problems. I recommend these tablets and will continue to do so.
Easy to read the dosage on the label and I have been on them for about 3 weeks and never had a reaction! They were easy to take and I love them!
I got this product a few days ago and I love it! It is a lot better than taking 2 tablets a day. I really like the fact that I can have 2 different tablets of different strengths for the day.
Works great!  My family loves it, so I just can't wait to see if it really helps the problem.  They still use other brands, so it's worth a shot.
No one has tried this yet and this is the only product I've ever gotten to purchase from Medigene. I was skeptical initially but this product delivered. It was delivered in a timely manner, arrived at a reasonable price and was well packaged. I'm happy with the outcome!
Just received these and was very pleased. I take them once or twice a day. It does help with my heart burn and cold. I take them as soon as they are done.
Went to the store this morning.  There are no stars because the pill isn't effective.  The delivery was good.  Just disappointed to have to go another day  with this tablet.
The tablets were just the right size for my needs. I use them on my pets food and they work great!  Just wish that the shipping were a little more effective.
Easy to swallow! My son is taking them now.  This drug takes a while to kick in but then the positive effect is noticeable.
Very dissapointed. I was buying these tablets for my cat and she is going thru an ordeal. She got them in a package with no instructions in the package. I'll be sure to return them immediately.
These are my new tablets... Very pleasant experience and the packaging was very good. Great buy! Have one for now and have used it about two months.  Lots of energy and little appetite.
I have been taking these for about a week. They really help a little as my arthritis feels better. But I don't know if I have taken as much as a few weeks.
Worked on my diabetes.  I take it with coffee and sometimes a full glass of water.  It was easy to chew and swallow.  The taste was not unpleasant.
The tablets work perfectly. They do a good job in treating cold like symptoms and they are also very convenient to take. Good price.
 These tablets help to relieve the pain and the constant headache I get I've had since I was an infant but no matter what I've tried they don't work.
I found this to work out of the box.  Excellent price, arrived on time, and easy to take.  It's the best product I've tried.
I was looking for a product that would help me break my food cravings and maintain my healthy diet. This product helped me. I feel full and satisfied with less calories and I am not craving sweets. I suggest it to everyone!
i was really surprised that i got this product because i had read so many reviews that i would try and fail. but i got this product i found it to be very reliable and of good quality, and i recommend this to all.
I have tried all of these over the years, and this one is by far my favorite.  It works well for me, although I find I have to take it twice a day.
Great taste. I have had it for about a week now and have not experienced any stomach upsets. Good for my allergy free skin I have noticed so much improvement in my skin from using these tablets.
Takes care of the issues that come with my acid reflux and I also take the tablets for the joint pain. I wish I would've found this site years ago as I'm in search of a product.
These were the tablets I received from my surgeon and I like them. They are a little smaller than I prefer. It took a few tries to get them into the right position as each and every time I had to take them out.
Had a good dosage of my prescription Nurofen with this tablet.  I can't find a better alternative.  I would recomend it without question.
I have been on these for a week and they work great. I have never had an issue with them. I would recommend these to my friends and family.<br /><br />  Great price and quality product...
Really satisfied with my very first bottle of this. Used it to follow a few weeks of no carbs and that has proven to be a great thing. Now I can enjoy eating my fruits and veggies without feeling like I'm missing out on my favorite snacks.
This is a really good product. My husband and I love it. Talking to the person who gives us this product is very easy. This has made life much easier.
