Good product. I would buy it again. It's great. It held up to wear. I use a little makeup too.
Perfect! Worked well for my husband, who had some rough days in Iraq. The band's very soft! And the material is very well built! We ordered an extra one for myself for our daughter's birthday and she loves it.
This watch band works well and is a breeze to use.  I have several of the exact same band and this is one of the best.  I would recommend this to anyone.
Wish I could have gotten this but I like this cheap looking plastic band for my LG.  Not worth the money.
I have a Samsung Gear 2 and it works perfectly on it. I didn't buy this because I like my other ones. It is very nice!
Not happy with my purchase and I am no longer with Samsung. The band broke in 1 day. It should've arrived sooner.
The band is not as sturdy as other rubber bands we have purchased (from other retailers).  It feels softer than the others.
I purchased a replacement band for my watch but the product label did not label it. I read it was an L size and it was not. Will not buy this brand.
 This is very easy to install and remove.  I did a quick look around and found that I had a pair of different watches.   It is a little expensive but it does save the search.
I thought it was going to have a metal band on it but it was plastic. Very cheap material. I have purchased many things from Timbuk2 and I don't recall this model ever being mentioned.
Not a very good product. The wire wrap is not tight enough to keep the band from slipping off. If you are using this band without a case to keep it, make sure you get one or it will fall apart and not work.
This is a great wristband. Mine works very well on my Samsung Gear Live and seems to hold up well. Easy to install and use.
I wanted something long enough to wear for both men and women but didn't want to have to purchase different sizes. This worked perfectly for both genders.<br />It's just what I wanted.<br /> Highly recommend!
Good but a little loose.  Will not wrap around on your wrist unless you hold it tightly.  Otherwise it works perfectly.
A simple product to have on my wrist. I got this for a gift so I have no complaints. The lint trap is a little smaller and does not cover the entire length but not as much as I expected.
This product arrived in perfect condition.  I like the thickness, but didn't like the way it was sewn, so I sewed it again myself.
This was the perfect gift! The recipient loved that the watch and band was in perfect working order! Thank you for your work!
Great item!  it matches the other one.  they are the same size but this one fits the size.  I just wish it was stiffer.
It was well made and was easy to put on. It came with a pretty easy instruction. It would have been nice if it had a picture of the clasp and an easy way to measure the length. Otherwise, I would recommend this as a great item.
I just received my new Samsung Gear 2 and love it. I used to have one but could no longer find it, but I have a Gorgeous white one and so much better than any of them. Great product.
Beautiful product and arrived sooner than expected!!! Not the best Ive ever received I hope its better!
This was cheap, but good quality. It seems like there could have been some slight damage, but there is no scratching or peeling. It just looks like a regular watch.
Perfect! Just like the picture. My husband loves this product. Now I am able to wear a large watch on his wrist.
I got this and it works great. It fits just the right way. If it breaks, I am out the money.
This is an excellent product and fits well in my pocket! Very sturdy and fits well on my wrist. Also has an option for the wrist band which I find useful.
I am a little disappointed in this band. It does not fit my Samsung Gear 2 well and is not very comfortable to wear for extended periods of time.
It arrived in perfect condition and has no visible marks or scrapes like many similar products. It fits perfectly with the Samsung Gear 2. I cannot get any of my friends to use it.
The bands were perfect. It fit perfectly I think this is better than the SGP band. I have ordered from Gear Free and they never let me down.
This is a great product. I have been looking for a good wristband for my Samsung Gear G2, I was pleased that this product worked for my Gear.
It's pretty good, but the clip at the end of it is quite flimsy and can easily fall off.  This is a great product, I can't even believe it's still with the manufacturer.
These came in the mail yesterday and we could not be more pleased. The fit and finish of the band and band itself is top notch. It is a pleasure working with Samsung.
Very happy with this product and the delivery was quick. I purchased this for my son and he absolutely loves it and wears it all the time. Will recommend and use again.
It's ok but the band is thin. I didn't think it would break the band. It's only about 1/4" wide.
 The band is fine. The only thing I would change is have thicker leather. I don't want a small gap.
The band I received was not in the original plastic package, but was packaged by the seller nicely. That was not the case when ordering from Amazon, which had no instructions to return or exchange.
Easy to install, easy to store in a pocket. Not as wide as some others but that's not a big deal for the money. The materials are good but the clasp comes in way too big.
Does exactly what I want. I used it to strap my Moto 360 and Samsung Galaxy S3 together after I lost the original one, and it works really well.  No problems.
These are great! I use them to hold my watch on all of my activities with the watch band and they hold up so well. Mine broke but not mine I bought the new ones.
I ordered for my husband because he collects watches.  When he opened his package, the color in the pictures do not match the product.  He would not like the blue-green color with black stars  I would recommend different color and/or better fit if possible.\n\n
Great product for the money. Worked as advertised. Used it to attach to my Samsung Galaxy Gear on my desk. No lags whatsoever.
The band itself was smaller than expected. I thought it was a different kind of material. But its OK. For a band that is supposed to be a wrap, it seems to be a bit flimsy.<br /><br />This product can be returned if there is a quality issue.
This is perfect and arrived without incident.  It was in perfect condition, as expected.  I was a little concerned about getting it sent to Asia, but there are options.
It works as well as the leather band I purchased, but the straps are thicker and stiffer. I would have given a 1.5 stars, but this was the only negative.
It works great except for the fact that the elastic band has to be used for it to stay on. Otherwise it's a good product I like it!
Very durable! This strap is not too long but is good quality. It is a little shorter than the Gears 2 bands, but I am no longer uncomfortable.
This product works just as it should.  I've tried other watches but this one is the best.  It has all the features I wanted and it fits my size.
Sturdy enough to hold with any watch strap, the band is quite wide and covers the whole wrist. The band does stick out though a little.
I thought this to be a pretty expensive band. The price was right, but the quality was poor. It's not as comfortable as my other Samsung Gear 2 models.
The wristband fits comfortably even with my larger wrist and it stays in place. I recommend for those who want a good watch without too much hassle.
This is a good quality band! The colors match the picture very well!  It's not as shiny as you would imagine.
